Complicity

IT is to the enduring good luck and bad of this land that we aren’t very competent in what we do. Good luck because — well, imagine if the clown show on display for the last year and a bit had been a bit better at what it had to do.

Imagine:

The habitual and cyclical economic downturn was managed a little more skilfully; the PTI-run provinces weren’t turned into weird soap operas; and a smattering of state restructuring and, say, police reforms were pulled off.

With those achievements under its belt, the hybrid regime could have tried to mop up the remaining political opposition, lock up all dissidents and wrap up any pretence of an independent media.

Success creates space for excesses.

And if there had been a little competence and purpose on display, the regime could have by now begun the work of dismantling the rights-based constitutional order and doing all that it deems necessary and appropriate to extending the reach and permanence of the regime.

But what we got is a clown show.

In pursuit of its goals, the regime has leaned on the other arms of the state and made parts of them complicit.

And that’s precisely our bad luck too because — well, we all have to live with the failures of the regime. Look around. The hurt is very real.

But failure of the regime in its bigger goals — crafting an economy to support a security state and dismantling the rights-based constitutional order — doesn’t mean that significant, and perhaps irreversible, damage is not already being inflicted.

To put it as straightforwardly as these tricky times allow: in pursuit of its goals, the regime has leaned on the other arms of the state and made parts of them complicit.

Read: Supreme Judicial Council issues notice to govt over references against judges

And the stuff with the court is perhaps the most worrying because it’s not at all obvious how the potential damage can be undone.

There is right now a battle being waged for the soul of the Supreme Court.

You may have caught snippets of it reported in newspapers in muted terms. Perhaps you’ve seen it discussed more openly on social media or in legal circles. TV has mostly been kept away from it other than, predictably, to tarnish and bully one side.

Whether or not the judge survives is important — deeply important — but it is not nearly the whole story.

The bigger story is that a few years ago the court made itself all powerful and ever since it has been sucked deeper into the political swamp by other forces.

Rewind to the 1990s, the last time a semi-elected order was being asphyxiated.

Back then the troika and the presence of 58(2)(b) made things relatively simple. Back then, when the president and the chief ganged up on the PM, off the PM went. By the time the PM ran to the court to try and save the government, the government was already gone.

That pattern and possibility created an incentive for the civilian government: appoint a favourite as chief justice to try and block the activation of 58(2)(b) when the president and the chief ganged up on the PM.

That in turn created an incentive for the court to build a firewall against government interference: make the appointment of the chief justice automatic, based on seniority until retirement.

Firewall thus built on the civilian side, the court had to wait for a firewall on the non-civilian side, against judges being summarily despatched by a non-civilian. Enter Iftikhar Chaudhry and his quixotic rebellion against Musharraf.

A successful rebellion and some constitutional strengthening via the 18th Amendment resulted in a new firewall on the non-civilian side against interference in the court.

A balance of sorts was achieved between necessary judicial independence, the executive prerogative of the civilian side and the potential for the non-civilian side to interfere.

Fatefully, Chaudhry did not stop there.

He set the court on the path to maximal power and minimal external or transparent accountability. Chaudhry wanted to decide who is appointed to the superior judiciary and to do so he opened the door to the court deciding the constitutionality of a constitutional amendment.

Soon enough, a future court ruled that the court really did have the power to decide the constitutionality of a constitutional amendment. Military courts were the immediate result.

So while good ol’ 58(2)(b) could be struck from the Constitution because parliament decided it had to go, now that 62/63 — the qualification/disqualification articles — have been weaponised, will a future court allow them to be tweaked or eliminated?

The other thing Chauhdry did was to unshackle the suo motu powers of the court. On Chaudhry’s watch, suo motu was used in ways so wild and woolly that there was barely any link to the constitutional enforcement of fundamental rights.

Suo motu became whatever a judge wanted it to be, giving the judge the power to wade into whatever he wanted to wade into.

There is a small irony here: the judge currently under scrutiny is perceived to have got himself in trouble by using his suo motu jurisdiction to probe an infamous protest. It was never obvious what the probe could achieve and, arguably, the probe itself was an example of the too-liberal use of suo motu powers.

All of which to say, the court’s sanctioning and use of maximal powers for itself may have inadvertently caused the court to become an irresistible target for a regime seeking particular outcomes.

A possible solution: the court shedding its suo motu heft and opening itself up to parliamentary or transparent scrutiny.

But then, does anyone here voluntarily give up anything?

Prepare to be sucked deeper into the morass.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 22nd, 2019

The regime

BY now, it’s apparent to all — or at least to anyone willing to look — what this is. Gone are the fig leaves and legal nuances and faux optimism. It is what it is, it isn’t very pretty and it’s probably going to get a whole lot uglier.

Welcome to the hybrid regime.

A lot has already gone wrong and the stuff that has gone wrong is obvious for two reasons. Economic hurt is impossible to hide, especially at the consumer end and when jobs start to disappear. Folk can easily intuit what’s going on every time they buy something or wander around in search of jobs.

Imran helped. His message was simple — I’ll fix everything at the same time in record time, just trust me — while the base he cultivated is simpler still: young-ish, previously apolitical and with not much understanding of much.

Outsized expectations were always going to collide with reality, but that reality has turned out to be so dismal and the collision come at such speed is down to something else.

Imran has landed himself in an awkward and potentially perilous situation.

The periodic shopping around for a useful idiot to nominally run the show was more straightforward in times past: pick a technocrat or select a traditional politician. Technocrats get a bit of work done because that’s what professional sorts do: they try and do stuff.

Never mind that they screw up matters and leave a mess behind; while they’re on the job, technocrats always look like they’re busy doing stuff. They have to.

The traditional politician has much the same imperative to be seen to be doing things, but his focus is mostly on greasing the system because no grease means no support and no support means no utility to the ones hunting about for the next useful idiot.

But things aren’t so simple in a hybrid regime.

The headhunters don’t just have to find someone who can get things done, they need someone to bring a veneer of legitimacy to the whole enterprise. In these tricky times, a memorable Mohammed Hanif phrase must suffice by way of elaboration:

“Khan has politicised a whole generation, only to deliver it into servitude to Pakistan’s old establishment.”

If the headhunters needed someone Imran-esque, give the man his due: Imran made it impossible for the headhunters to look past him. A hybrid regime fronted by a technocrat or traditional politician was a non-starter in the presence of Imran.

With the idea being to put Nawaz and Zardari to the sword politically and then if you look past Imran too, there isn’t much left in the wagon wheel of public opinion from which to secure legitimacy for a hybrid regime.

One of the more curious elements of the experiment we’ve all been made to live through this past year is why this doesn’t seem to have occurred to Imran — that much as he needs them, they need him, or did anyway.

Perhaps Imran really has no interest in anything beyond becoming PM as a final chapter in a life well spent. Or perhaps in finding their latest useful collaborator the competence deficit is more than what had been hoped for.

Either way, in eviscerating great chunks of his political capital in little over a year, Imran has landed himself in an awkward and potentially perilous situation: on balance, it’s not quite clear if the veneer of legitimacy Imran brings to the hybrid regime is really worth the headaches he’s created for the regime.

But if what’s gone wrong is obvious and how we’ve got to this miserable point in double-quick time is fairly clear, there’s a more fundamental problem with the hybrid regime: it can’t work, no matter who is trotted out to front it.

Slice it anyway you like.

Regimes almost by definition are a centralising force, but delivery is almost always decentralised.

Perhaps because the margins at the centre were razor-thin or perhaps because the impetus behind this project is itself a centralised force, too much time and attention was wasted on fashioning a workable arrangement at the centre.

Imran is now effectively a lame duck at the centre, the IMF straitjacket and the snatching away of key ministries from his control ensuring that. But Imran still has real sway in Punjab and KP and, with the right assistance, a fair bit of potential to meddle in Sindh.

That Imran has proved rubbish at managing the provinces, and thereby undercut the rationale of the hybrid regime, has obscured the point that the provinces can’t be managed from the centre. But then no regime can tolerate multiple power centres across the provinces. It’s a riddle with no solution.

Or flip it around.

Just because Imran is flailing around doesn’t automatically have to mean that a better frontman can never be unearthed. It could just be a question of more skilfully looking in the right place at the right time.

A regime frontman with the skills of a technocrat, the savvy of a traditional politician and the sleight of hand of a populist. See the problem there? In Pakistan? You may as well be looking for a unicorn snuggling up to leprechaun at the end of a rainbow.

The internal contradictions of a hybrid regime are too many and too varied to be adequately and sustainably overcome.

By now, it’s apparent to all what this is: it isn’t very pretty and it’s probably going to get a whole lot uglier. And that we still have Imran is both the good news and the bad.

Pakistan, eh?

May God bless this land and good luck to all of us here.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 15th, 2019

The emperor’s new clothes

THE emperor walked beneath the beautiful canopy in the procession, and all the people in the street and in their windows said, “Goodness, the emperor’s new clothes are incomparable! What a beautiful train on his jacket. What a perfect fit!” No one wanted it to be noticed that he could see nothing, for then it would be said that he was unfit for his position or that he was stupid. None of the emperor’s clothes had ever before received such praise.

“But he doesn’t have anything on!” said a small child.

Pakistan’s most recent emperor problem is about to exit. The tales are many but they shall have to wait until after retirement — and perhaps never be told. After all, when one emperor exits, another tends to quickly appear. The system abhors a vacuum of would-be saviours.

They’ve all stood silent as the emperor passed by them with his new clothes on.

Who knows the rabbits the next one will have us chasing after.

But as we bid farewell to one and prepare for the arrival of the next, let’s turn to the starring role in the Hans Christian Andersen tale: the child who cried, “But he doesn’t have anything on!”

Where is the Pakistani version of that child?

Someone to say, no, this is wrong, you can’t do that. Stick to your job, stop interfering, stop pretending you know better, stop trying to reinvent the wheel. Stop trying to invent reality!

Or even a mild version of that.

Where is the person within the system willing to say no?

It can’t be that hard; it isn’t that hard. Especially within the court. An odious character showed the way recently, but for the wrong reasons and in a terrible way. But what happened to him? Stripped of his high-court judgeship, he’s been sent home.

That’s it. He lost his job and maybe his pension and probably a shot at one of those post-retirement sinecures that abound. For some that’s a lot to sacrifice and maybe even too much. But not for everyone.

And yet they’ve all stood silent as the emperor passed by them with his new clothes on.

It is possible that the more damage was caused by Iftikhar Chaudhry. He didn’t just think he was the messiah, he had proved that he was — who else can claim to have slain a dictator through mere defiance in a robe.

The worst thing about Chaudhry was that he was aware of what he had achieved and had an appreciation for the system — and his potentially limitless role within it. Chaudhry may have been mocked for trying to fix the price of sugar and excoriated for wading into the Steel Mills sale, but it was his eye for institutional and constitutional re-jigging that was truly dangerous.

Had it not been for the unavoidable judicial retirement age locked into the Constitution — who knows where we’d be today.

In contrast, the current occupant can seem tame. Flitting here and there, disrupting private and state business, it hasn’t really amounted to much. No prime ministers ousted — though maybe that was already done — no shockwaves through the system, nothing that can’t be patiently reversed.

But he could yet end up being worse because of something else: a willingness to break out of the judicial straitjacket and head for the orchestra pit itself, conducting an incoherent symphony.

Chaudhry is more famous, a trailblazer, as it were, but the incumbent has raised the populist bar. In theory, it’s easy enough for the successor to walk back: just don’t do what the predecessor has done.

But it may not be that easy.

First, you need a willingness to do so — to walk back some of the excesses and make the institution less of a lightning rod. But before the incumbent became the best known judge in the land, there was another.

To be overshadowed is a worrying place to start from.

Second, the judge headed for the exit has already taken the hit for being unconventional. The folksy, always-in-the-headlines, being-the-centre-of-everything model is already here and the public has been primed to accept and enjoy it.

Third, it is real power and leverage. Whimsical, arbitrary and fierce may be hard to make institutional sense of, but when you’re pounding the gavel and working the headlines, you are creating significant space for yourself within the system. Folk ignore your orders and ignore you at their peril.

All of which to say, more than ever we may need that child to cry, “But he doesn’t have anything on!”

It is depressing to think that there is no such man, woman or child here.

So maybe all we can do is remember how the Hans Christen Andersen fable The Emperor’s New Clothes ends:

“Good Lord, let us hear the voice of an innocent child!” said the father, and whispered to another what the child had said.

“A small child said that he doesn’t have anything on!”

Finally everyone was saying, “He doesn’t have anything on!”

The emperor shuddered, for he knew that they were right, but he thought, “The procession must go on!” He carried himself even more proudly, and the chamberlains walked along behind carrying the train that wasn’t there.

The End.

The procession must go on. The emperor has no clothes. There is no child here in this luckless land of ours to tell us the truth.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 13th, 2019

Fewer places to hide

WELL, that’s probably not the start to the new year Imran expected. He’s been getting it in the neck from all sides and you almost — almost — feel sorry for the chap. Until you remember that his mistakes are everyone else’s pain.

Welcome to 2019.

Pretty much where 2018 ended and already it looks like it’s going to be a long, long year.

Listen carefully as the fuel and energy crisis suddenly spiked this week and you can hear a slight change in the critics’ focus: Imran himself.

On to the energy crisis. Shortages and gross inefficiencies are a fact of life here — and not even from the distant past. From Jan 16, 2015, in this newspaper:

“The twin cities and adjoining areas experienced a petrol shortage on Thursday for the third consecutive day. Motorists were seen shuttling between filling stations in search of fuel.

“Most filling stations suspended sale of diesel and petrol and long queues of cars and motorcycles were witnessed at the few stations where fuel was available. The long queues also caused traffic jams on many small and large roads.”

From Jan 17, 2015, in this newspaper:

“The country is left with oil stock of less than three days and its import has totally dried up as the Pakistan State Oil defaults on its payments and says it will need at least Rs100 billion and eight weeks’ time to retrieve the situation.

“According to PSO officials, no oil consignment has arrived at any port in the country for the past two weeks, whereas usually six to eight ships, each carrying 65,000 tons of oil, come to the country in a fortnight.”

From Jan 18, 2015, in this newspaper:

“Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ordered the suspension of three top officials of the petroleum ministry and the PSO chief on Saturday in connection with the week-long petrol shortage in Punjab.

“On his return from Saudi Arabia, the prime minister called a meeting to review the crisis which has virtually paralysed life in Punjab.”

Now all we have to wait for is Imran to suspend a few bureaucrats.

Here’s the kicker from that farcical fuel shortage in fortress Punjab of the Sharifs, a farce that broke out a year and a half into the third term of an illustrious team:

“Asked if the federal petroleum minister would be shown the door if he was found responsible for the problem, [Musadiq Malik, the PM’s spokesperson] said: ‘A thorough investigation will fix the responsibility.’”

For the few who remember, the minister was Khaqan Abbasi and somewhere between him and Dar lay responsibility for the massive fuel shortage in wintery Punjab. Dar kept his job and went on to preside over the loopiest economic policy in a generation. Abbasi kept his job and went on to become PM. Musadiq is a senator.

But enough of the past.

Thus far, if there’s been a strategy evident — an Imran approach, as it were, to the politics of governing — it’s been to let people around him squabble and fight with each other. Ministers and advisers and sundry hangers-on sniping and undercutting may not be great for governance, but it has an unspoken benefit:

The ones squabbling among themselves are too preoccupied to have a go at the boss.

Most cabinets are full of opportunists and pretty much are a nest of vipers. There are only so many big jobs and even the most bloated of cabinets will have a bunch of folk unhappy about a bunch of things and either wanting someone else’s job or needing to cover up their own mistakes.

But Imran has an additional problem: he’s had to lash together a cabinet of Johnny-come-lately electables and PTI originals, with few big posts for the originals and significant questions of loyalty and competence of the electables.

It can seem distracting and is disorientating to have a shambolic cabinet lurch from crisis to crisis, and one round of infighting to the next, but for Imran that has to be better than the alternative: his own team turning on him and selling him out to the public.

The PPP and PML-N have been cleverer in their relentless focus on Imran, but PPP and N-League attacks are hardly going to hurt Imran. The PPP and N-League attacking Imran probably strengthens the PTI and energises Imran.

But listen carefully as the fuel and energy crisis suddenly spiked this week and you can hear a slight change in the critics’ focus: Imran himself.

Not the jokers and clowns around him, not just the inadequacies of his team, but the inadequacy of the man at the top itself. And not that the jokers and clown haven’t tried to distract this week either.

It makes a kind of sense.

Twenty-fifteen was four winters ago and the next three were an improvement on this one. Plus, the first five months of era IK, Aug-Dec, were relatively mild weather-wise. But now it’s a second calendar year, a first winter and a sudden energy crisis as far as the average consumer can tell.

They’re just fewer places to hide.

Punjab and KP, the twin pillars on which the PTI government is electorally built on, are shivering in the dark. It’s a relatively quick matter to pour more money into the system to make it belch out more electricity and gas.

But if Imran has been watching carefully, he would have noticed that it’s brand Imran that has also taken a hit this week.

There are fewer places left to hide.

It’ll be interesting to see what Imran does next.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 6th, 2019

Consolidation or crash?

REWIND to the end of last year and the most likely outcome this year was: Imran as prime minister, Nawaz in jail or exile and Zardari in trouble.

The system usually gets what it wants.

And that’s what 2018 has largely been about. Since the system is a predominant but not omnipotent force, some adjustments had to be made.

If the system is still at war with Nawaz and Zardari, it may not have the bandwidth to take on Imran too.

The most obvious has been accommodating for how horribly unprepared Imran was for his dream job. A second has been the state of the economy: there is a world of economic hurt already here and more around the corner.

Neither of those miscalculations is particularly surprising.

The project to instal Imran was rooted in the attempts to oust Nawaz and Zardari. The magnitude of the latter would leave little time to prepare for the former — and to prepare the former.

Then again, not a terribly big adjustment: the early mistakes of Imran can be added to the cost of achieving ouster of the other two. Plus, Imran seems to be learning the ropes.

And learning the ropes isn’t all that difficult if the true aim is to be just good enough compared to all that has come before.

Where 2019 could become interesting is once Imran thinks he’s got a handle on things. At that point it may occur to him that the system needs him more than he needs the system.

A year or so into the job, the investment in Imran could be too significant to pull the plug just as he starts to deliver on whatever promise the system saw in him in the first place.

And if the system is still at war with Nawaz and Zardari, it may not have the bandwidth to take on Imran too. A predominant but not omnipotent system can’t fight everyone at the same time.

It could get interesting when a confident Imran figures that out.

The second adjustment has been the economy and the shuddering halt that is coming. Double-digit interest rate, double-digit inflation and sagging growth — a lot of it was probably locked in a year or more ago.

But the system was looking elsewhere, obsessed with national borrowings and the NFC and funds that can be reclaimed by the centre for distribution to the obvious places.

That mistake was foreordained. The system doesn’t understand economics or how to run an economy. It is rent-seeking and resource extracting.

The obsessive focus on the NFC and 18th Amendment is not because the system can’t see that increasing the revenue pie will help everyone dependent on the pie.

The obsessive focus on the NFC and the 18th Amendment is really a bet that the revenue pie will not be substantially increased, that tax as a percentage of GDP will not touch adequate levels.

Read more: Opposition furious over PM’s plans for ordinances use

Now will come the trouble.

The more the economy sags, the more Imran may crank up the anti-corruption machine. But it’s harder to get the public worked up about a corrupt past if the present is economic blight.

That’s the first factor that could halt consolidation — 2019 being the year in which the system attempts to consolidate the gains it made in 2018.

A second factor is the adjustments that Nawaz and Zardari make in response. If Nawaz has strategy to survive and recover, it is known or apparent to no one.

Asif’s strategy of giving them what they want has bought him time and another stint in Sindh, but it has already been signalled that 2019 will be different.

Talk right now is focused on whether a combined opposition could create trouble. But the actual choice that Nawaz and Zardari, separately or together, will have to make is: create trouble for whom?

Go for Imran or for direct war with the system that installed Imran?

It’s not obvious which path they may choose.

Threatening to destabilise Imran and his government could win Nawaz and Asif a reprieve because what could be worse than grinding economic trouble and simultaneous political instability.

But if you’re Nawaz or Asif, that may not be enough — you don’t want to be outside looking in, you want to be right in the middle of things.

Let Imran have a full five years and he may just get another five.

But the option of direct war with the system that has installed Imran is about as high risk as they come. What happens in the highly likely scenario that you lose?

And if you improbably get close to winning, the system has the option to pull the plug and go for direct rule.

Then again, a year isn’t a long time. When Nawaz first looked like he was going to be put away, it seemed he’d be gone for at least a year and a half or two.

Sitting out 2019 would be in line with the original timeline for Nawaz.

For Zardari, disqualification could be swift — a matter of the court saying so — but actual jail time some way off. If the Nawaz ordeal is a comparison, a conviction could be a year or more away.

They could go with the Shahbaz route for Zardari — pre-emptive detention — but that’s not the kind of thing that you go to war over. At least not immediately.

Imran, Nawaz, Zardari and the system are closing out 2018 in a bit of a cat-and-mouse phase.

Twenty nineteen will inform us if that will bring consolidation or a crash. Never say never in this land of ours.

Happy New Year.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 30th, 2018

Here we go again

WHILE round whatever-this-is-supposed-to-be plays out and the ducks are lined up or not and would-be saviours make an unsavoury mess of things and everything gets gummed up or not and we’re all left chasing shadows and our tails, a moment, please, to reflect on what they get right, what they get wrong and why they do both.

First, the bit they’ve got right: Imran is PM, Nawaz is not and Zardari is kinda trapped in Sindh.

Explore: What next for Nawaz Sharif?

Assuming that was the plan, 2018 can be chalked up as a success. Sure, it’s been messy, but then what isn’t here? Plus, it was a hella project: knocking out the biggest political player in the land; perpetrating a generational political shift; and stealing an election No wait, the election wasn’t stolen, the results were massaged. Or maybe not massaged all that much; Imran has genuine popular support. Or actually it was a legitimate victory, the voter ready to move on. Oh, who cares, Imran is the PM, get over it already.

Elections 2018: Mapping the trends

Democracy 2018: forget the quality or the substance, just be grateful you’ve got some semblance of it.

And because of all of that, a success — from their perspective. Made all the sweeter by all the howling that the year is closing out on. Oh, how they’re howling.

Democracy 2018: forget the quality or the substance, just be grateful you’ve got some semblance of it.

Nawaz back in jail or the threat of jail hanging over him; a classic web of investigations and cases and inquiries ensnaring Zardari — the same ol’, same ol’ still yielding delicious new results. The PPP and PML-N are agog and infuriated, but what are they going to do? The system has Imran’s back.

So that’s one thing they’ve got right. But they’ve also got a couple of things wrong.

A funny little trope that has taken hold in the TV-dominated discourse is that Nawaz and Zardari can be pushed out because they may be ready to leave and they may be ready to leave because they have an obvious succession path now.

Asif has Bilawal and Aseefa, Nawaz has Maryam — why would these two old men stick around for all the trouble and humiliation that seeking power brings when they can hand over their kingdoms to their flesh and blood and live an easy life with their accumulated billions.

But the idea that Zardari and Nawaz are ready for retirement — and if they don’t know that they are ready, that they can be made to understand that they are ready — is to misunderstand politicians, politics and, well, the two old men.

Sure, it helps that Zardari has Bilawal and a spare heir in Aseefa. And Nawaz’s acceptance that his sons are no match for his daughter has put to rest silly notions that the party was going to be inherited by the other branch of the family.

But Zardari and Nawaz aren’t in politics first and foremost for their children; Zardari and Nawaz are in politics first and foremost for themselves — a world of difference when the aim is to ram them out of politics.

You can even see it in the children. Much of the talk among PPP types that Asif should hand over the party to Bilawal so that the party can make a fresh start has died down — because most PPP types have figured out that there isn’t much light between the politics of Asif and the politics of Bilawal.

With Nawaz, they’re tried to portray him as misled by an ambitious but naïve daughter. Because it helps to have Nawaz look stupid and weak — an old fool still not able to figure out what’s good for him and his family.

But there’s little actual evidence of Nawaz being radicalised by Maryam and a great deal of evidence in the opposite direction: that Maryam’s politics are wholly her father’s politics and it is he who has taught her all — the good, bad and ugly — that he’s learned from a lifetime in politics.

Nawaz and Zardari head into 2019 with legitimate succession options, more legitimate than at any time before, but the fanatical focus on those options has obscured that neither man has shown any inclination whatsoever to walk away from politics.

And that could make 2019 and beyond dangerously messy — messier than what 2018 and the run-up to it brought.

They — they-who-shall-(temporarily)-not-be-named — get it wrong because they think as professionals and everyone retires from a profession. And also there’s not insignificant resentment.

The generals and judges consider themselves to hold a higher station than politicians because they believe they are a) professionally trained and b) they go home at some point.

Gen Jilani may have created Nawaz, but Jilani is just a footnote in history. What the hell is Nawaz doing picking half a dozen army chiefs, surviving a dozen chief justices and thinking he can stick around for several more? Same goes for that odious Zardari — who do these guys think they are?

The comparison to themselves and the resentment it creates is a part — maybe even the key part — of the system’s need to periodically purge itself of politicians. When Zardari taunts them for their three-year stints, what they hear is the justification for why they need to do whatever it takes to rid the system of Zardari and his ilk.

Twenty eighteen was a good year for them.

But the need and desire to continue with the purge and the foolish idea that Nawaz and Zardari can be cajoled to exit could make 2019 messy and unstable.

Here we go again.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 23rd, 2018

A durable experiment?

THE damage is obvious, it is continuing and it may well be lasting. No more is there talk of a transition to democracy. That’s gone, replaced by something else. What that something else is we’re still trying to figure out.

Managed continuity seems the closest approximation so far.

But all is not equal in managed continuity.

Some of the damage is familiar, some of it new and not all of it is the same. In the big picture, the stuff with politics is the most familiar: one chap railroaded out, another chap parachuted in; one out-of-favour party put to the sword, another cobbled together into yet another version of a king’s party.

Sift through history and a case could be made that Imran in 2018 is Nawaz in 1990.

If the big-picture politics stuff is familiar, there’s one big difference this time round: the court.

Then, as now, the biggest political player was deemed unfit to lead and somewhat of a national security threat. BB had to go. And how she was dispatched. The corruption and smash-and-grab would come in the second term, but the first dismissal was also premised on corruption.

Then, all that was required was a president ready to invoke 58(2b). But the system was working together and against BB, and there was little that BB could do. Barbara Crossette of The New York Times explained it nimbly enough in a dispatch on Aug 7, 1990:

“Ms Bhutto, the first woman to head a modern Islamic state, called the action ‘illegal and unconstitutional’. At a news conference tonight, she asserted that her opponents were trying to keep her from winning the next election, but that she believed she had the popular support to return to power.

“She said her Pakistan Peoples Party may challenge the President in court, although the grounds for such a challenge were not specified.”

Of course BB knew there was no point to a challenge.

‘“I don’t feel betrayed by the President,’ [BB] said. ‘I believe there were other elements that wanted me out.’”

Crossette explained matters to her international audience in the very next paragraph:

“Pakistan’s top military officers were present at the swearing-in of the caretaker government. Pakistanis assume that the ouster of Ms Bhutto could not have taken place without the army’s support, if not instigation. But Gen Mirza Aslam Beg, the army commander, said before the ceremony that the military had not been involved in politics recently and would remain out of government in the future.”

Sound familiar?

In time, Pakistan would learn of Mehrangate and all that was done to hack a path to electoral victory for the IJI, the cast of characters Nawaz would vanquish to create his own party, the PML-N.

Imran in 2018 most resembles Nawaz in 1990. For some, that’s comeuppance for Nawaz — a creature of the system defeated by the system. For others, it’s all a bit depressing that 2018 can resemble 1990 — 28 years to end up where we began. Twenty-eight wasted years.

But if the big-picture politics stuff is familiar, there’s one big difference this time round: the court.

And that’s what may give this round greater longevity than what has come before.

Politicians fighting among themselves: it has a pattern and logic to how it builds up and crumbles. The system attempting to dismantle a party and herd its leadership out of the political arena: it has its rise and fall.

Rights trampled on, media freedoms curbed, the state’s authoritarian impulses, the people’s yearning for freedom and dissent — it is all very messy, but unstable too. The familiar is no less threatening for being familiar, but at least there’s a sense that the inherently unstable will not last forever.

But the court has changed things.

Or a changed court has changed what is possible and what is not.

A hermetically sealed judiciary, a court sealed from outside influence and control, was the long-sought goal of the judiciary and was helped along by checks-and-balances types who feared executive or military control of the judiciary.

After all, in a system where the executive and the military have always sought to subjugate the judiciary, the judiciary needed to be shielded with the maximum independence possible. So while life terms were not thought possible or desirable, much was done to protect the judiciary from outside interference, barring an outright coup, of course.

Judicial accountability, judicial promotions, the ascent to chief justice — all were rendered so that interference or manipulation from outside the judicial realm could be thwarted. The knockout blows were delivered by Iftikhar Chaudhry: the lawyers’ movement laid down a political marker, but it was the 18th Amendment case that altered structures.

By threatening to overturn the part of the 18th Amendment that reformed the process of judicial appointments, Chaudhry knocked down the last wall of judicial restraint and brought the court closer to the dream of a hermetically sealed judiciary: a judiciary answerable to no one but itself.

The 21st Amendment, military-courts case confirmed what Chaudhry had attempted: the Constitution can only be amended to the extent the court says it can be amended. And suo motu completes the picture: a superior judiciary that selects its own judges and can be held to account by no one but itself can use suo motu powers to reach wherever it decides and do as it wants.

Or, in some fairly obvious recent examples, do what the system needs — and there being nothing that anyone else can do about it.

Can’t change the court, can’t restrict suo motu, can’t remove the stuff in the Constitution that is being used to engineer political results — the weaponisation of a hermetically sealed judiciary may have given this latest experiment greater durability than much that has come before it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 16th, 2018

The Afghanisation of politics

CALL it the Afghanisation of politics. You can guess what they don’t want, but you can’t really be certain about what they do want. And maybe it makes a kind of sense: you can’t ever be defeated if you never say what it is that you really want.

Politics in Pakistan mirroring Pakistan on Afghanistan.

What does Pakistan — the state of Pakistan — want in Afghanistan? Given how obsessed we are — or the state of Pakistan is — with Afghanistan, you’d think there would be an easy, capsule answer to toss out and pop in.

Like: national security! India is the enemy! Politicians are corrupt!

But it’s not all that easy with Afghanistan. You can say with high confidence that the state doesn’t want India in Afghanistan and does want the Taliban to be part of the ruling dispensation. But that’s not really saying all that much.

The Pakistani state doesn’t want India in Afghanistan because it fears encirclement or whatever. Fine, at least it’s some kind of logic. But ‘no India in Afghanistan’ translates into what exactly?

As the government stumbles from crisis to crisis, as ministers begin to knife each other, it’s increasingly hard to figure out what this was and is all about.

No physical presence? No military presence, but economic stuff acceptable? No presence meaning no influence? And no influence with whom: the Pakhtuns or the non-Pakhtuns? And if no influence anywhere, how do we negate India’s ties to the non-Pakhtuns in Afghanistan?

The ‘Taliban in government’ stuff is difficult to flesh out, too. We seem sure — or we say so anyway — that we don’t want to go back to the late ’90s, ie the Taliban outright ruling Afghanistan. But if we don’t want them to rule 100 per cent, then what per cent of power do we want for the Taliban?

Fifty per cent? 75? 25? 40? 10?

Nobody knows. And maybe not even ourselves.

If you don’t say what you want, you can never be defeated.

Contrast that with the Americans and the Afghan government. Wild conspiracy aside, it’s pretty easy to say that the Americans would rather have defeated the Taliban than not. Maybe the Americans would have wanted a residual military presence in Afghanistan, maybe they’d have stuck around to keep an eye on Pakistan and our nukes.

But you can pretty easily assert that the Americans, if they could have, would like to have militarily defeated the Taliban.

Same with the Afghan government. If it could, the Afghan government would rather not have to make peace with the Taliban. The last Afghan government or this one would rather that the US military or, less likely, the Afghan army have defeated the Taliban, and the Afghan government get more power, more durability and become the long-term political solution in Afghanistan.

You can quite clearly see that no Afghan government will get what it really wants. But at least you can be sure what it — this, the previous or any non-Taliban Afghan government — really wants.

Not so with Pakistan.

And now it has infected politics here. The Afghanisation of politics is really the mysteriousness of what’s going on here. As the government stumbles from crisis to crisis, as ministers begin to knife each other and confusion and chaos reign, it’s increasingly hard to figure out what this was and is all about.

What do they want?

We know that they don’t want Nawaz in. Fine. They hate it when one of their own turns on them — and few have belonged to and turned on as spectacularly as Nawaz has. But after Nawaz, what?

Imran may have been the obvious alternative, but it’s become blindingly obvious that there was zero preparation. And you can’t really blame Imran for that: why should he prepare in the final months for something he had not really prepared for in 22 years?

But at least they could have done some prep. And enforced some discipline.

Aha, but the point is to keep all of them weak: Imran, Nawaz, Asif, whoever. Imran was just the latest beneficiary of the system’s periodic need for a new, or old but compliant, face. Again, plausible.

But there’s weak and then there’s catastrophic. If nothing else, you need the civilian front to stop from collapsing in on itself. Because immediate collapse requires constant hand-holding and in that case no one gets anything done.

Plus there’s the stuff with the other folk.

What on earth is the Shahbaz thing all about? One possibility is that as Imran stumbles and the PTI lists, it’s become necessary to keep the pressure on the other side. Because you can’t afford for your precious experiment to be knocked over so soon.

But Shahbaz? It’s like going out of your way to make an example and enemy of the one chap who was desperate to be your friend. And while he maybe can’t do much for you as your friend, he could do something to you as your enemy.

What do they want?

The Asif stuff is equally puzzling. The GDA was primed, ready and willing to eat into the PPP’s seat count in rural Sindh. If you were going to keep up the pressure on Zardari, as seems obvious before and since the election, then why allow him to sweep to total victory in Sindh?

Of all the levers that you could want and you would want to deny your target, surely a total sweep of his base is a good idea to prevent. If they could do it to Nawaz in Punjab, why not Zardari in Sindh?

What do they want?

For now, we can only guess what they don’t want. The Afghanisation of politics has arrived. And it may be the greatest head-scratcher yet.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 9th, 2018

The road to nowhere

THE 101st day said it all. The rupee cancelled all the claims and boasts and tentative plans of the day before. The tyranny of numbers imposed itself.

So, now what?

One of the myths that survived from the 1990s was that the PML-N was better at managing the economy and better at the governance stuff than the PPP.

Another historic fiasco is in the making with the IK-Asad Umar combo as PM and FM. Is their relationship delusional, toxic or just one of plain denial?

It was a myth because the actual record in office showed a not dissimilar performance between the N-League and the PPP.

The PPP was more smash and grab, gaudy and brazen; BB’s second term setting the standard for what could be made off with and how.

But what really stood out was that they had no one to manage the economy. Try and remember the finance minister from the PPP’s two stints in the ’90s.

Try harder. It was BB herself. The sceptical view is that it was to allow herself and Asif to make off with the national silver. The more prosaic reason is that the PPP didn’t really have an economic czar it could turn to.

The N-League was different, or so folk thought. Nawaz himself had a stint as provincial finance minister; no one was going to accuse him of being a finance whiz, but maybe the nuts and bolts of budgeting at least would be familiar.

And there was a deep bench of seemingly capable sorts: Sartaj, Nisar, Dar, Khawaja Asif, Ahsan Iqbal; Shahbaz at the provincial tier. Laugh now, but back then it seemed a stronger team than what the PPP could muster.

But a funny thing happened: the results the N-League produced were not dramatically different to what the PPP delivered.

Turns out, there are several paths to incompetence, misrule and wasted opportunities. Had Nawaz not been chucked out the second time, the similarities in the big picture between the N-League and PPP would have been clearer earlier.

But now the last decade has happened.

And it’s stupidly clear: the PPP and PML-N are pretty much the same in that they’re like anyone and everyone who has governed the country into an economic crisis since the ’80s.

Amazingly, the Zardari team could maybe even argue that they eked ahead of BB-2, and possibly even Nawaz 3.0, on the governance scale.

It’s lost in the fog of trillions spent and lost since, but Asif inherited an amazingly bad hand. Musharraf had allowed subsidies, particularly in the electricity sector, to balloon in his last year in office.

That destroyed budget calculations just as the global financial crisis started to take hold, which closed the door to the easy credit that Pakistan binged on in the Musharraf years.

The spike in oil prices during Zardari’s initial spell all but economically sealed the government’s fate. And Asif himself had no real executive experience while the PPP was struggling to cope with the calamity of BB’s assassination.

The Zardari team’s self-assessment that they were not as bad as everyone else says they could have gained retrospective and historical credence if not for one thing: electricity.

The giant cock-up that was electricity effectively turned the 2013 general election into a referendum on electricity and allowed the flawed myth of the PML-N being better at managing the economy to be floated again.

And again, the PML-N has tried to salvage its reputation for itself as a party of competents by separating the party from the Dar effect.

Effectively, the argument is that Nawaz’s over-reliance on Dar because of familial relations allowed Dar’s cockamamie economic theories to go unchallenged.

But nobody has to fall for that because the PML-N itself gifted the country evidence to the contrary: a full year of Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and several clear months of full economic stewardship by Miftah Ismail.

The early, full-year budget that the N-League presented in April was a historic disaster and it was delivered by the best and the brightest that the N-League apparently had.

A budget should only be judged against the environment in which it is made and the solutions it attempts to present for the problems that are evident.

Dar was gone, Nawaz on his way to jail, Abbasi was an increasingly confident PM and Miftah the brightest finance minister in maybe a generation.

But the budget and the related economic decision-making of the most capable PM-FM team in the last months of the N-League’s term did nothing — nothing meaningful and maybe nothing at all — to address the shuddering economic halt that was coming.

If the PTI is to blame for its stuttering start and policy paralysis on the economic front, then the last few months of the PML-N’s term can only be judged as total conviction on the part of the PM and FM that they weren’t going to be responsible for economic decisions after the election, that the party was on its way out of power so may as well do as they pleased.

Amnesty and tax breaks were what they conjured up.

And now another historic fiasco is in the making with the IK-Asad Umar combo as PM and FM.

Is their relationship delusional, toxic or just one of plain denial? It will matter a great deal to the economy what the answer to that question eventually reveals itself to be. The pantomime on Day 100 was ruthlessly exposed on Day 101.

But 2018 has given two pairings as PM-FM: the first with maybe the most brain power, the second with the most goodwill the system can muster.

And both have come up looking not dissimilar to what Zardari could produce.

The implications of that for system, state and the people are deeply troubling.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 2nd, 2018

Incentives to govern

WHAT is Imran’s incentive to deliver? As the contrived, self-imposed 100-day milestone has arrived, there have been questions de rigueur. How has Imran done? What has Imran learned about his office? What have the people learned about Imran in office?

Grades have been handed out.

The buoyant faithful have declared that Imran’s doing just fine, the worldlier faithful that he needs more time. The faithless have said they’ve seen all that they need to see. Is Imran just finding his feet or has he already been fatally consumed by firefighting? In this era of a familiar-unfamiliar governance experiment, Imran is the ultimate Rorschach test: you see what you want to see.

The tyranny of numbers quickly asserted itself and then it didn’t matter what Imran thought before — he had to prop up the state’s finances or risk economic collapse.

But government at its root is a question of incentives.

What actually pushes you to do things or not do things, to tread path Y or pick policy X. Not what you think you want to do or say you want to do, but what you can do with what you have and what you’re up against. The problem is, the combination of others and voters that has delivered to us this familiar-unfamiliar governance experiment has not answered a basic question:

What is Imran’s incentive to deliver?

And quite possibly the combination of others and voters who have delivered to us this governance experiment have created the opposite of an incentive for Imran to deliver. It’s not all that esoteric. What is anyone’s incentive to deliver in office?

For a civilian, it’s re-election — immediate or eventual. For a dictator, it’s staying in office as long as he can. And for a civilian front of a dictatorship, it’s delivering what the dictator needs or else risk being swapped out for another civilian.

B obviously isn’t happening right now and C doesn’t really fit the scenario we’re in. So that leaves us with scenario A: the basic incentive for a civilian is re-election. That incentive has been easy enough to see in the last 10 years.

Since 2013 was effectively a referendum on electricity, the N-League had to early on figure out how to get electricity to the people. The N-League figured it out, but the way they went about it was quite revealing about how incentives work in government. The public’s demand was for electricity, not electricity produced in a fiscally or environmentally responsible way.

And so that’s what the public got: enough electricity, but not an electricity network that is fiscally sound or environmentally responsible.

The same goes for, believe if you will, Zardari and his PPP. They figured out how to deliver — to the voters who mattered to them, which is in Sindh.

Zardari figured out early on that he wouldn’t be allowed back in the centre, certainly immediately and maybe even long-term, so he pivoted to Sindh instead of fighting a futile struggle at the national level and risk losing everything.

It has helped that there is no organised opposition to the PPP in Sindh, but Zardari and his PPP have done remarkably well in Sindh. The obliteration of the anti-PPP GDA in Sindh in July 2018 was reconfirmation of Zardari’s Sindh strategy — you can’t really argue with success.

Turn, then, to Imran.

It’s easy enough to see how some incentives have already forced Imran to bend to their logic. Imran didn’t really want to spend all this time and travel working to secure an economic lifeline — we know he didn’t because he’s said he didn’t and it wasn’t really on his mind immediately after the election.

But the tyranny of numbers quickly asserted itself and then it didn’t matter what Imran thought before — he had to prop up the state’s finances or risk economic collapse. The same goes for Imran’s initial foreign travels: Saudi, China, the UAE. The interconnectedness between domestic straits and international relations quickly asserted itself over Imran’s schedule.

You can see it in a different way with the rival power centres that Imran has set up in Punjab. Punjab is power and a strong, single centre of power in Punjab may turn on you when your back is turned. So if you’re busy holding down the fort at the centre, the incentive is to set up rival centres of power in Punjab. Which is what Imran has done.

The same goes with the police stuff that Imran has made a mess of. The PTI in Punjab is a coalition of true believers and electables. True believers aren’t going to leave your side so quickly, but electables may. So the incentive in government is to keep the electables onside.

Hence the mess Imran has with the police stuff to satisfy the electables — lose the electables and there may go the government in Punjab.

So, where is Imran’s incentive in government? The incentive for Imran to govern and deliver — or else? It’s hard to find.

The combination of others and voters who have delivered this governance experiment has diminished the incentive to deliver to the voter — the others may matter more than the voters in Imran’s electoral maths.

Plus the true believers in the PTI aren’t going anywhere anytime soon — because where can they go? They have waited so long for this moment. The pressure of dreamy expectations is never much. And if Punjab is the path to power, the rival power centre in Punjab is under sustained pressure and risks the threat of dismantlement.

If government at its root is a question of raw incentives, it’s hard to find the right pressure on Imran. Maybe that’s why the 100 first days looks like what it does. And that can’t bode well for the next 100 and more.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 25th, 2018

Ninety days

THE other number is also arbitrary, and borrowed anyway: 100 days. The 100-day mark makes more sense in a presidential system where the swearing-in activates most executive powers.

In a parliamentary system, it’s more staggered.

The five-year countdown begins the day parliament is sworn in. But the executive only takes form once the prime minister is elected and the executive only really gets going once the majority of the cabinet is in place.

So ‘100 days’ here is just a contrivance, imported from other jurisdictions and with little local relevance. In which case, may as well attempt a 90-day review. At least that number has a bit of local history attached to it.

What have we got at the end of 90 days?

The latest: the promise of a plan at the end of 100 days, a loopy reference to the ultimate fascist and doubling down on the sobriquet of Mr U-turn. And before that: really just the Saudi mini bailout. And between those things: the credibility-destroying surrender to the mob.

Having turned the volume knob of politics all the way up to 10 and maximum for several years, Imran and the PTI are struggling to turn it down to a reasonable level.

It’s not looking good.

But if it’s not looking good, how bad is it really? In these polarising, vanquish-your-enemy, with-us-or-against-us political times, not-good is both disaster and success — disaster for the bitterly partisan opponent and success for the bitterly partisan supporter.

That is partly — maybe mostly — the PTI’s fault. Having turned the volume knob of politics all the way up to 10 and maximum for several years, Imran and the PTI are struggling to turn it down to a reasonable level. The practitioners of guerrilla-style politics have ambushed themselves.

But if you can get away from that a moment and ask a slightly different question, the PTI is more or less performing as could have been reasonably expected of it 90 days ago. The slightly different question: what could the non-partisan have reasonably expected of this PTI government in its first 90 days?

It is now obvious that the PTI was thoroughly unprepared, maybe even clueless, when it took over 90 days ago. But that’s not really a surprise. And for the sceptically inclined, it had an air of inevitability.

Follow the arc of Imran’s political career. He has been strikingly consistent in how little interest he’s shown in details — any details. If Nawaz has his roads and motorways and Asif his sugar mills and endless land acquisition, Imran has what?

Good or bad, illegal or above board, pet projects or grand policy, there’s nothing you can really find in Imran’s interests that could bring with it an understanding of detail and the building blocks of policy and governance (misgovernance, even).

The closest thing is this business of tree planting, but there, too, where’s the eye for detail — any detail? He hasn’t really talked plant types or the science of forestation or anything approaching an understanding of trees, foliage, soil, and terrain.

The point isn’t really about trees — it’s that even in the thing that he is ostensibly passionate about, Imran hasn’t evinced an interest in the details.

The bigger giveaway is the PTI itself. It has become an electoral juggernaut and that’s an incredible achievement, but the party’s legitimate support is quite obviously built on the personal appeal of Imran, and not a grass-roots political machine.

Each time Imran has had the chance to build a party political machine, he’s shown an impatience and irritation with complex, durable structures and what it takes to assemble them.

So, completely unprepared.

The other part has been adjusting to power — the actual 90 days in office. Completely unprepared both limits what you can do in your first 90 days and reflects your ambition to actually achieve something in the first 90 days.

The gap between what is pledged and what is delivered is always large, that’s just the way of politics. But the gap between what is intended and what is delivered is often smaller. The first 90 days look shabby and poor, but only if true reforms are considered to be part of the agenda.

Take away meaningful reforms, look at the PTI as a status-quo enabler and perpetuator, and the PTI has delivered pretty much the uneven performance of a new government, further handicapped by its status as a first-time governing party at the centre.

Remember, what could the non-partisan have reasonably expected of this PTI government in its first 90 days?

The economic crisis was baked in, the PTI having a choice between looking competent while partially steering us out of the crisis or bumbling its way towards a ratcheting down of the crisis. It’s only a difference of form and perception, really.

And the bludgeoning it took in the streets — terrible, yes, but made to look worse because of Imran’s show of bravado. Others wouldn’t have bothered with the bravado and probably ended up with the same result.

The bludgeoning in the streets was events imposing themselves and fire-fighting mode kicking in early — but not so early as to shock.

So, yes, it’s not looking good for Imran and the PTI. But if it’s not looking good, how bad is it really? To the non-hyper partisan, the PTI is more or less performing as could have been reasonably expected of it 90 days ago.

And now that the silly, arbitrary 90-day mark is out of the way, the PTI can get serious about delivery in a longer stretch up to the two-year mark, which is what matters for re-election — the only real political incentive.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 18th, 2018

Back to comedy

AT least there’s the comedy of politics to distract from figuring out whether we’re now far right and insane or still merely centre right and dysfunctional. But the comedy could be of a better quality.

Back to politics.

Shahbaz is wanted for something something because he did something something to someone something. Nobody knows what exactly — not even, apparently, the chaps who have been set after Shahbaz — but it’s hugely important.

And for whatever it is that he is supposed to have done, Shahbaz has to be in prison. Immediately and forever. Throw away the key.

Mercifully, no one has to pretend any longer that this game has much to do with anything other than politics. Back in more innocent days, that incipient accountability phase between Panama and Nawaz’s ouster, folk brushed up on the law, analysed precedent, studied the facts. History was going to be made.

The big question, seemingly: will it stick? But if it won’t stick, then what’s the point in doing all of this?

Then came the judgement and in the aftermath no one even bothered to pretend that it was anything other than that oldest of fights dressed up for more modern times. So, there’s no point in trying to understand what kind of actual legal trouble Shahbaz may be in because his troubles aren’t actually of the legal kind.

Oh, and have you heard that Nawaz may be back in the clinker soon? Sure, why not. The appropriate amount of time has passed since the death, so off the father-daughter duo may be to jail again. Apparently, the suspension order wasn’t very well reasoned — but the suspension order argued the sentencing was wholly flawed.

Who’s right? Who cares. Right is the chap who has the final say and until then right is whatever the last guy who had a say said. Never mind that we may have stumbled into a fairly interesting legal debate and a thoughtful resolution could further the cause of real accountability: where should the burden of proof lie and what triggers it?

But no one really cares. The point isn’t the law, the point is to get Nawaz. Or it was anyway. It had seemed that 2018 was going to be the year of nudging out one chap and ushering in the next. But we’re not even halfway through November and the scheme has expanded.

This week was about softening up Shahbaz, but the real skill is being honed in the hunt for Asif and his goons. The N-League is howling about media trials and what not, but it’s really the big PPP targets who are being softened up through the media. It’s that much easier with Asif and his goons — because in the court of TV-driven public opinion, there is no second opinion on Asif.

But the scale of the PPP’s alleged corruption is being slyly revealed and a delightful little juxtaposition set up: multibillion rupee accounts in the name of unwitting impoverished types. Street vendors, the homeless, folk clinging to the lowest rungs of the economic ladder — they’re stealing from you, the poor people of Pakistan.

By the time some of it — any of it — arrives in a trial court and gets chucked out on appeal, we may find that a great deal of it was exaggerated or simply invented. In a court — OK, in some courts — it doesn’t matter what you know, it matters what you can prove. But in the court of TV-driven public opinion, Zardari never had a chance.

The big question, seemingly: will it stick? But if it won’t stick, then what’s the point in doing all of this? Seems like an awful lot of trouble and disruption for relatively small gains. Nawaz is out, but he’s not out-out — the scheme used to keep him out for now almost itself carving a path back for him.

Shahbaz is in jail and maybe in his future lies a criminal conviction. But if it does come to that — and with Shahbaz you can never know — the sheer awkwardness of the scheme to get Shahbaz will eventually undo the weight of a conviction.

As for Asif, he’s already laughed and told us that a spell behind bars may help resurrect his and his party’s fortunes in Punjab. And yet it’s happening — and expanding. The ridiculous and transparent schemes to knock out the principal political players in the land — or the principal political players who are deemed unworthy, undesirable or not worth cutting a deal with.

But why so messy and clumsy?

If you start with there’s no good way ever of doing it, then you’re probably OK with a bit of a mess. Crack eggs, omelette, etc. On top of that you can add a layer of arrogance — if you think the shots are yours to call, then you don’t much care for criticism of how you do what you’ve decided is your job.

But that still leaves the question of efficacy.

On the touchstone for doing what it takes to get what you want, surely the ouster schemes have to be judged on how successful they are in achieving the outcome sought. But how does it really help if in trying to engineer ouster you end up creating a path for the ousted to potentially return to the same position you were trying to oust them from?

What’s the point to either grand or tawdry minus-Nawaz, -Shahbaz, -Zardari, -whoever schemes if they don’t actually end up getting minused?

There really is only one possibility left: it’s not politicians, the point is to discredit politics itself. To what end? We’ll just have to wait and see. Maybe the quality of the comedy will improve, too.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 11th, 2018

The third phase

PHASE one was state construction and finding ties to bind a new nation. Roughly between 1947 and 1958, when the political class was quickly overtaken and subjugated by a military and bureaucratic elite in the permanent state. Religion was quickly identified as the binding tie with potential in a country of diverse people and political histories.

Ayesha Jalal has masterfully explained that and much more in State of Martial Rule: The Origins of Pakistan’s Political Economy of Defence. It remains essential reading for anyone trying to understand the start we got off to and nothing has surpassed it since. Probably nothing will — Ayesha got it bang on.

Phase two began in the late 1970s. Three events in relatively quick succession that took the militarised and bureaucratised state and the experimentation with religious nationalism in the first three decades to the next level. The three events: the Zia coup and his Islamisation drive; the Iranian revolution just as petrodollars were turbocharging regional politics; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan under the Cold War overhang.

For at least two decades since the late 1970s, much of what Pakistan did or responded to stemmed from a combination of the three events layered on top of the original militarised and bureaucratised state and the experimentation with religious nationalism. There is no authoritative tome on that phase because we haven’t produced a world-class historian or political scientist since to write the book. There lies its own tale of sorrow.

The extremist in the ascendant is also linked to what’s happened to the country and what the state has done in semi-response over the past decade and a half.

But, and this seems clear, we’re into the third phase now. Since its full effects are just beginning to come into view, it’s hard to give it a definitive name. The second Afghan war; the war inside Pakistan; the Taliban era; post-9/11 and AfPak; the Al Qaeda effect — it’ll take time, and perhaps that world-class historian or political scientist, to settle on a precise, evocative name.

The precise start of the third phase isn’t clear yet either. It could be the Afghan Taliban coming to power in Afghanistan in 1996. It could be 9/11 and the UN-backed, US-led war in Afghanistan that began in October 2001. It could be 2004, when a big battle was fought by the military in Fata and the first peace agreement with what would become the Pakistani Taliban was signed.

But whatever the name eventually settled on and whatever the precise date eventually agreed to, it is quite clear we — Pakistan — are already into a third phase of our history. And this third phase could be the most confusing and deadly yet. Hyper-sensitivities, personal predicaments and murky threats mean it’s not possible to spell out the argument in print. But an attempt can be made.

It is obvious that the state is on the defensive and the extremist is in the ascendant. The two are linked — even though the extremist/ terrorist/ militant is of different stripes and sects and often at war with each other. The state as colluder everyone is more or less familiar with, but since 2001-2004 the state’s defensiveness has taken a new turn. It is rooted in two contradictions.

The first contradiction is rooted in the second war in Afghanistan. If we helped the mujahideen defeat the Soviets, then how can we help the Americans fight the Taliban, drawn from the same inspiration as the mujahideen? Both wars can’t be right and we’ve never had the courage to say the first one was wrong.

In hard-line circles in Pakistan, the contradiction is more severe: in trying to thread the needle between helping the Americans and shielding the Afghan Taliban, the Pakistani state in effect betrayed the Afghan Taliban in their rightful fight and sided with the imperialist Americans. If you take phase one and phase two and layer on top the new contradiction, you get an almighty mess — and a Pakistani state that is severely on the defensive.

The second contradiction is more delicate and there is no easy way to say it. For a decade and half, the Pakistani state has waged counter-insurgency campaigns and counterterrorism operations. In the fight that has been fought, the state has been significantly successful. But the religious milieu that produced the enemy and its foot soldiers is also where the state draws its fighting resources from.

That has left the state’s right flank further exposed — to abuse, exploitation and the ugly stuff we heard this week. So, the defensive crouch has deepened and the slings and arrows of the extremist are suffered because the fight against militancy that is already being waged has still to be fully won. Again, take the results of phase one and phase two of history and layer on top this new contradiction, and the defensiveness is easier to see. Not to justify, not to accept — just to explain it for what it could be.

The extremist in the ascendant is also linked to what’s happened to the country and what the state has done in semi-response over the past decade and a half. Ultra-sensitivities, personal predicaments and a threatening landscape prevent from spelling that out, too. But the original sectarian divide in phase two morphed into a fierce militancy on one side of the majority sect that has seemingly triggered a backlash from another side of the majority sect that is demanding more public oxygen and a greater say in the national discourse.

May God bless that poor woman and keep her safe. She has suffered enough. The rest of us, our suffering in this third phase of Pakistan’s history may just be beginning.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 4th, 2018

A dangerous path

IN all of this, in all the messy, confused, stuttering start to his term, there has been only one real surprise: Imran seems to harbour a very genuine loathing and hatred for Nawaz and Zardari.

Khanistas will scoff at this. After all, you only had to listen to Imran for the last five, 10, 15 or 20 years to know what he thinks about those two and the parties they lead.

Imran has roared his disapproval and shouted his condemnation into every camera he’s found and in every forum he’s ever had. Hell, he’s said it so much that you’d be a fool to have not listened to him.

What thrills the PTI base doesn’t mean it works on the national stage. Imran’s instincts are dragging us all into a dangerous place.

But it didn’t mean as much back then.

When you’re at the bottom of the pile and have to clamber over bodies all the way to the top, you do what you have to — and say what you have to. You’ll destroy your enemies, you’ll turn Pakistan into Switzerland, you’ll chuck everyone in jail.

Doesn’t matter how or why — the promise alone draws attention and helps you begin the slow journey upwards to the top of the pile. Where you really want to be.

Once they get to the top, most folk usually move on; recalibrate, get bogged down in other stuff, whatever. But not Imran. Imran, in his own words and in the words of those around him, has no intention to let up, move on or deviate.

Imran looks like he wants to move in for the kill.

This thrills the Khanistas. They think it has the PPP and PML-N running scared. They think that to back off or look away now would be to betray the politics of the PTI. It makes a kind of sense too — if politics is about vanquishing foes and taking no prisoners.

But what thrills the PTI base doesn’t mean it works on the national stage. Imran’s instincts are dragging us all into a dangerous place.

The problem isn’t locking up Nawaz, Shahbaz, Zardari and dozens of their acolytes, enablers and facilitators. Lock ’em all up and throw away the keys for all anyone outside those circles really cares.

But it matters who is doing the locking up and how.

Imran, he is now making clear, considers this to be a personal crusade. He wants to lead the charge, even if it’s NAB or whatever that does the actual prosecuting. And Imran doesn’t seem to much care for how it’s done.

For Imran and his enablers in the PTI, the who and the how don’t matter — Nawaz, Shahbaz, Zardari and whoever else is in the PTI’s cross hairs are manifestly corrupt, and in a rotten system only the brave and the reckless can take down the wicked.

And so we are being told how difficult it is to prosecute white-collar crimes and how thoroughly the PML-N and PPP have penetrated the civilian side of the state. Translation: trust Imran; his heart is in the right place and he’ll deliver.

Except his head doesn’t seem to be.

The more Imran bangs on about his political enemies, the less they’ll eventually have to do to un-entangle themselves from the legal thicket they are being drawn into — what’s more third world and unjust than having the chap in charge throw his enemies in jail?

That’s Imran’s first mistake.

Imran’s second mistake is that he seems to be in a hurry. The PTI is right when it argues that the system is broken and that investigations and prosecutions are riddled with flaws. But what’s the surprise there, exactly?

For 10 years, the PPP and PML-N’s position on NAB was essentially that it had to be dismantled and replaced by a new accountability regime. If you are the PPP and PML-N, you’ll argue that’s because the NAB was flawed and meant to serve a dictator’s interests.

If you aren’t the PPP and PML-N, you may notice that neither ruling party ever got round to legislating a new accountability framework. But that still leaves Imran pressing ahead with an accountability machine that is broken — all but guaranteeing that the results it will produce will be tarnished even before a judge’s gavel is brought down.

Imran’s third mistake is, well, everything else Imran has done.

His only real achievement so far, even by his friends’ reckoning, is the few billions he got from the Saudis this week. But even that is an explicit rejection of Imran’s own roadmap — the need for domestic reforms and governance was so urgent, Imran had told us, that he could not leave the country for the first three months.

Though, since being clueless before assuming high office is a regular Pakistani affliction, maybe Imran can be given a pass on that.

The fourth problem could be the worst.

It is quite obviously almost entirely out of Imran’s control, but it could loom largest in the decisions he makes: what’s coming down the pipe in the next year or two in the shape of inflation.

Inflation, especially of the double-digit variety that seems headed our way, has a way of knocking everything else out of the way.

Nobody really cares about who you’ve chucked in jail and what good things you’ve done with the police if prices are spiking, growth is down and jobs are harder than ever to find.

But imagine you’re Imran then. Short of options, cornered, but there, across the aisle from you, are the political enemies you hate and loathe. What would you do?

You’d be tempted to go for it. And that should make the rest of us just a little bit afraid for all that it could cause to unravel and bring tumbling down on everyone’s heads.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 28th, 2018

Download the new Dawn mobile app here:

Google Play

Storm clouds

The writer is a member of staff.

FIVE weeks into a five-year term, but this past week could prove to be the most consequential of them all. Three big things and all spelling some kind of danger for the PTI.

It’s not been a good week for Imran.

First, Asad Umar gave us his first budget and it turned out to be the dampest of squibs. Second, the release from prison. And third, India lashed out against Imran and scrambled whatever foreign-policy calculations he may have been evolving.

The next nine months will not be pretty for the PTI fiscally. Which could trigger Imran to do something reckless to recover political space.

Five years is a long time, but week five will take some recovering from.

The budget is the most obvious self-inflicted wound and it has stored up greater — political — trouble for the PTI. Numbers impose a tyranny of their own and there was little that the finance team could do beyond the familiar stabilisation that the PTI has gone for.

Taxes up, spending down, rupee set to slip further against the dollar at some point — hardly the kind of change that the PTI had promised, but it could have just another missed opportunity.

But Imran has been done a political disservice by his finance team.

The first few days and weeks Imran ran around trivialising austerity and turning it into a joke — with Asad Umar either failing to warn his boss what was coming down the pipeline or not having a clear idea of what he needed to do.

That distorted public expectations, leading up to Asad’s second mistake: presenting a budget to satisfy creditors, present and future, and markets, and forgetting the big-fish-versus-little-guy stuff — the essential stuff on which the PTI does its politics.

A gas price hike and a slew of indirect taxes juxtaposed with special favours to non-filers and the automobile and property markets is bad enough. But the PTI PR machine could have battled against public perception — if the PR machine had been thrown a bone.

Anything, really. A modest expansion of the tax net at the highest rungs of the income and wealth ladder. Make it easier for the middle class to get home mortgages from the banks. A populist gimmick like a penalty fund to take money from the ultra rich and funnel directly to the poorest of the poor.

Anything that didn’t make this budget look wholly like something that could have been drawn up by the PPP or the PML-N.

The finance team has also stored up trouble for Imran down the road. The PTI has won on the back of electables and electable-type allies in parliament. They will demand their pound of patronage flesh and Imran will eventually have to acquiesce.

At that point, Asad’s numbers will crumble a bit more and Imran will again be hammered politically. So better to have slipped in those adjustments now and hope they get lost amidst the slew of other bad news than to let patronage become another lost PR battle for the PTI later.

The next nine months will not be pretty for the PTI fiscally. Which could trigger Imran to do something reckless to recover political space, thereby worsening the fiscal trouble his government is in.

On to the other thing: the release from prison.

The death and other matters have made it likely that this will be a slow-burn threat to Imran. But it will eventually manifest itself. Before the release, you could make a straightforward case for keeping them in jail.

After all, why go to all the trouble of setting things up for Imran only to let him get engulfed the moment he sets off on his prime ministerial adventure. Folk assumed that meant 18 months or a couple of years in prison for the father-daughter duo.

At a minimum, it seemed like nine to 15 months they’d be out of the equation. Now, they’re already out and it’ll be harder than before to send them back in. Because it’s the PTI in government now and it would seem like a clear vendetta.

And because the same set of cases/ facts/ claims can’t suddenly be re-ginned up to reasonably justify re-incarceration. Never say never in Pakistan and it’s a brave person who’ll bet on much these days, but soon out and about could be the only two people with a single-point agenda of tearing The House of Imran down.

And, finally, this India stuff.

It’s obviously not Imran’s fault. The problems predate him and will outlive him. In a way, it may even be relief: the very worst incidents tend to happen when there’s a possibility of serious dialogue. When the hawks on both sides are snarling at each other, there’s little that needs to be scuttled.

But to be smacked down by India so early isn’t a good place for a civilian to be. Before Imran could find his foreign-policy feet and find a semblance of coherence between pre-office rhetoric and in-office reality, he’s been shown by India to be — at best — naïve.

For all the apparent bonhomie between Imran and the permanent state, the permanent state has ingrained suspicions about the political compulsions of the civilian lot. Imran could, as his initial reactions have suggested, go hard against Modi personally.

But the outside world tends not to approve of public snarling and bickering between the two leaderships. It may not matter who started it. And if Imran opts for moderation and friendliness going forward, it could make hawks here wonder if Imran really understands India or his job.

Either way, not a good place to be for Imran.

Five weeks into a five-year term and this past week could prove to be the most consequential of them all. It’s not been a good week for Imran.

The storm clouds are gathering.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 23rd, 2018

Why this way?

The writer is a member of staff.

HE’S alighted on this as his legacy project and only the old-fashioned and the puritanical are left to bemoan and gainsay, but that still leaves an unanswered question: who, exactly, was opposing dams?

It’s not all that obvious.

Forget the handwringing over fundraising and the frumpiness of separation of powers, and start with what it looks like: an oddball approach to fixing a problem in a system that’s broken. Fine.

It is fairly obvious: the same methods used to shout down and drown out an opponent can be redirected and used to promote a good cause.

There’s worse that’s been inflicted — see, Election 2018 — and water seems as good a cause as any to get fired up over. It’s not like you have to convince folk that water is important. And shortages are a fact of life — urban, rural, commercial, domestic, wherever.

But for the campaign to make sense — for it to be necessary — you need a couple of things: political opposition to the project and an executive/government that can’t get its act together. Otherwise, why not just do it the regular way?

Big projects are obviously expensive and complicated, but they’re hardly impossible. We’ve just gone about plugging a massive shortfall in electricity by installing big power plants across the country. There’s a national motorway-building spree happening.

The dam financing is in the region of what the next IMF deal will need to be; the dam will last several lifetimes, the latter just a few years. Even at its most extravagant, the dam is a portion of the headline figure of CPEC.

And we’ve already got the know-how for operating and maintaining big dams — Tarbela and Mangla. So what’s up with short-circuiting the regular — constitutional, separation-of-powers, governmental — route and going for, to put it delicately, the unusual approach?

Until it remained a one-man show, maybe it didn’t really matter why. A late-career epiphany is as good as any other. Maybe the next one will champion the protection of the markhor. Who knows.

A one-man show doesn’t really matter because the term at the top is relatively short and the elevation process virtually guarantees it will remain so.

But now we have an irregular photo-op and a billion reasons to suggest that it isn’t a one-man show. That at the front may be an individual, but there’s formidable and very obvious support behind.

Which is a bit puzzling, if you think about it.

What the hell do they need it for? There’s a favoured protégé holding down the fort over in the PM office. Trees, water, sustainability — that’s the kind of stuff you’d bet you can get Imran interested in.

A big dam is the kind of shiny project you can hang a slogan of change on. The dams aren’t Kalabagh — Kalabagh has a very specific history and politics arrayed against it. Sure, there are a few voices piping up in Sindh, but they’re hardly of the unmanageable variety.

It’s really a rather peculiar position we’re in.

We have a state that has the capacity to arrange financing for and execute a big-dam project. We have a brand-new government that has shown no great opposition to dams and seems on board with this dam idea. It is, after all, a joint fund now.

And we have a political landscape that isn’t viscerally and rabidly opposed to dams per se that can be exploited by an opportunistic opposition — assuming the opposition is inclined to do so, and there’s no indication that it is.

So why this transparent support for short-circuiting the normal process?

Because this is Pakistan and the present slightly more confusing than usual, there could be several reasons. But one possibility, surely, in this era of governing without governing is: mission creep.

Until now, the focus has been on destabilising or ousting the unfavoured. That’s now mission accomplished. But that still leaves the tools assembled for those projects lying around and the tools can be repurposed.

It is fairly obvious: the same methods used to shout down and drown out an opponent can be redirected and used to promote a good cause. And what’s more noble and good than water?

If true, if this is mission creep in action, it would hardly be a surprise. The point to managed continuity is, well, managing stuff.

To be clear, this is not about the top judge being managed and someone whispering in his ear.

Yes, there is the reality of contempt of court and fear of the gavel is more ingrained in this business than even of the other lot. But it’s transparently obvious that the judge is genuinely enthusiastic and probably a true believer.

In any case, this is about more than the judge.

This is about the manufacturing of a policy consensus — when there isn’t any obvious opposition to the general idea or the specific project. The only — positive — explanation is that they’re lending a helping hand to keep things on track.

The government is busy and will take some time to find its feet. By then, some of its political capital may be gone and the usual firefighting mode that all governments are forced to retreat into could take over.

So, in the meantime, prime the public to support dams and use the collective pressure if governmental drift or political indecision sets in later. After all, who can oppose water and securing future generations?

It is fascinating to watch this unfold. If you’re of a certain bent, foreboding, too. Mission creep has brought us into the realm of manufacturing a public consensus on dams.

Where will it take us next?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 16th, 2018

Two disconnects

The writer is a member of staff.

Look what Imran said at the remembrance ceremony. See who the PTI has left to twist in the wind, again. Behold the embarrassment of the dam-water debate.

But, for now, on to different things.

Because the mistakes are now piling up, it’s easier to sketch out what’s going wrong. Governance — that loose, woolly term that means something different to everyone — is off-track and it’s because of two disconnects.

Governance is already off-track because Imran has been gallivanting around making wild promises, dreaming up fanciful schemes and ruling through optics.

The first is between Imran and Asad Umar, the PM-FM symbiosis and closeness that’s missing. It is the PM-FM relationship on which all functional government or lack thereof is built and it’s easy enough to explain why.

All government, especially the big, sweeping, hope-y change kind, starts with money — how much is available, how much can be raised, how much can be spent? Because government is essentially about money and, in Pakistan, government is always about not having money.

That’s where the PM-FM relationship comes in: the finance guy is the adult in the room who has to have the ability to both tell his PM, usually on a child-like high with big ideas and no plans, what can be done and make sure the PM listens to him, at least somewhat.

Inevitably, that puts a strain on the PM-FM relationship in office — no PM likes to be told no, certainly not a Pakistani PM and definitely not Imran — and so going into their jobs, there needs to be a rock solid understanding between the PM and the FM.

Either the PM has to deep down know and accept that he doesn’t really know much about numbers or the FM has to have the trust of his boss, that the FM has the same vision and agenda as the PM, that they soar or sink together.

Imran, it is becoming apparent, believes he knows numbers. We can’t really be sure yet if he actually knows his finance and numbers, but in the dam talk you can see that numbers to Imran is about belief — if you want the impossible, start by believing.

Probably not the best place to start in matters of finance and in Imran’s case worsened, likely, by the hospital and all the fundraising he’s done over the years. Still, not automatically and necessarily an immediate disaster — if there’s a strong FM around.

There isn’t. The numbers, when Asad Umar reveals them to Imran, will impose their own straitjacket — government is about money; that there is none available, how difficult it is to raise more and how impossible it is to actually spend less.

But governance is already off-track because Imran has been gallivanting around making wild promises, dreaming up fanciful schemes and ruling through optics. Imran, of course, is larger than life and a leader no one in his party can think to control or meaningfully restrain.

Yet, for all the public respect and consideration between Imran and Asad, there’s always been a coolness discernible. Much has always been made of Asad, along with Shah Mehmood, seeing himself, or being thought of, as prime-minister-in-waiting.

Whether the PM suspects that or the FM believes that, it’s equally dangerous to the PM-FM dynamic — either the boss suspects you of disloyalty or you think the boss is a dunce. Either way, not a good place to be.

It’s easy to make too much of the dynamic — the last chap who ruled had a financial sidekick who was trusted entirely, and maybe a bit too much. The sidekick delivered initial macro stability, but then undid it all with kooky, dated economic ideas.

But with weakness in the obvious, initial chain of governance, the PM-FM nexus, Imran’s capriciousness and executive novice-ness has allowed indiscipline and lack of direction to break out early across government.

You can’t see a JKT or Aleem Khan having allowed things to slip so quickly.

The other disconnect is systemic. It is now transparently obvious that 2018 has been first and foremost about keeping one chap out and, as a result, bringing another chap in. That has created multiple distortions, many effects of which were predictable and that are quickly becoming apparent.

It has left Imran with multiple dependencies and constraints — towards his political allies, towards the court and, of course, towards they-who-cannot-be-mentioned. Because Imran is discovering all of this for the first time, it’s looking like amateur hour to most others.

Imran probably thinks he’ll get to grips with them quickly enough.

But the dependencies and constraints don’t grow easier with time, they grow more insistent and pinch harder. And because of what they are rooted in, what 2018 has been about, it’s not obvious that Imran can ever overcome them — even if he really wants to, and does he really want to?

Governance, that loose, woolly term, is already off-track and it’s because of two disconnects: between the PM and the FM, and 2018 being as much about keeping one chap out as bringing a new chap in.

But that doesn’t mean disaster is already inevitable. Imran’s base will stay with him, no matter. The noise is turned up to deafening, but a few things will get done — especially once the financial straitjacket is imposed and reality sinks in.

Just expect a lot of drama along the way.

Then again, when has Pakistan not had drama?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 9th, 2018

PM or change?

The writer is a member of staff.

SO many rabbits to chase after, so much to bite into, but the muzzle and the leash prevail for now, so on to lesser things. It’s transparently obvious but in this age of pretence, let’s start with a bit of pretence:

What if — just what if — Imran wanted to be PM more than he wanted to fix things?

The shenanigans of the week are easy enough to explain. Imran doesn’t give a rat’s behind about what TV says or social media obsesses over: knowing how to use the media cultivates a healthy contempt for it.

The helicopter stuff is already fading — as it always would. It isn’t so much that Imran tried to ingratiate himself with the hoi polloi with fake talk about simplicity and related silliness, but that Imran will only engage the people, the media — everyone — on his terms.

Even in an age of pretence, Imran will only be able to hide so long that he wants to be PM more than he wants to fix things.

The helicopter faux pas is defiance after a minor transgression when the stakes are minimal — it’s not like someone’s going to take away his prime ministership, or even his heli rides, for being preachy and insincere.

But the stakes were somewhat higher in another recent incident and Imran showed the same defiance and contemptuous disregard. Just weeks before the election, Imran was caught in a media maelstrom for jetting off abroad with a friend who may or may not have had his paperwork in order.

The fierce pounding he took then made no sense to suffer without some quick damage control. There was an election to be fought and won and even if Imran knew he’d be helped across the finish line, the pounding he was taking on TV and in social media was an unnecessary distraction.

But the same contempt shone through. No apology, no comment, no reversal.

You can guess some of the reasons why. As a principal beneficiary of the manufactured realities of TV, Imran may believe that everything he sees, reads or hears in the media is driven by an agenda. He may not even be that wrong.

So if everything is manufactured and fake, you may as well ride it out. Media outrage will burn itself out quickly enough and if it doesn’t, the problem and the sponsors lie elsewhere and that requires different handling.

The other thing may be a little more hidden.

A policeman suffering humiliation and a nobody CM taking a few hits in the media is par for the course — neither can really object because it comes with the territory. But that isn’t really the story.

At a minimum, the gent’s ego has been bruised. Family and honour require some rectification and recompense. But it rarely stops at that. What has really been signalled is access: manage the gent’s idiosyncrasies and ego because a satisfied gent is a man who can get work done for you.

The pounding that is being taken by some now is a down payment on favours that may be called in later. Nothing surprising in any of it, but only if you want to and know where to look.

So back to the original question: what if, just what if, Imran wants to be PM more than he wants to fix things?

That they had done zero preparation is obvious enough. The only real skill on display so far has been the chap who has jetted around to bring on board allies and independents. Beyond that it’s just been uncertainty and unsteadiness, in naming a cabinet, in making provincial picks, in setting an agenda.

But is any of it a surprise?

Imran is one of the more transparent politicians we’ve ever had. He’s given more interviews and made himself more available to the media than any other first-tier pol around today, all of them having lengthier political careers than Imran.

Heck, we — allegedly — know more about his personal life than the lives of many of our friends and relatives. Good or bad, tawdry or sensational, there’s more out there about Imran, in story, legend and rumour, than most folk need or would like to know.

But that hyper visibility is also instructive.

The populist rhetoric is fine. Simplifying politics, good versus evil, everything a question of will and belief, a great future awaits if only the right leadership has control — that’s the stuff of insurgents, outside politics.

But sift through even a bit of the mountain of public statements and opinions and comments that Imran has made over the decades and try and find two things: an interest in how things work and an appetite for any level of detail.

You probably don’t need to do much sifting. The answer is obvious.

But that doesn’t have to be an insurmountable problem: pick the right people and you’re halfway to being a saviour. Move on, then, to sifting through the people Imran has surrounded himself with over the years, especially in more recent times.

Broadly, there’s two kinds: the extremely wealthy and those steeped in power politics. No agents of change there. Put all of that together and it’s no surprise it’s been a rough start so far.

There will be calmer patches ahead: Imran is bestride a system that manifestly favours him and opposes his rivals. But even in an age of pretence, Imran will only be able to hide so long that he wants to be PM more than he wants to fix things.

Imran can make some tweaks and adjustments now. Or he can leave us to suffer everything amped up to 10 for the next five years.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 2nd, 2018

Soft and squishy?

The writer is a member of staff.

EMERGENCY, emergency, emergency. Everything is broken, disaster is upon us, it’s now or never, great haste is needed. But the pace of decisions itself — there are, in fact, none of positive substance so far — tells a different tale.

Ordinarily, that would be fine: politics is about selling the gaudy and settling for the average. Imran’s problem in this new version of an old experiment is that he is, in fact, different to what has come before.

Imran is a populist with actual popular appeal.

The lazy comparison is between Imran in 2018 and the other chap in 1990. But the comparison only extends to being settled on to block an opponent deemed undesirable and unworthy to rule.

Imran is a populist with actual popular appeal.

Imran has been running around doing his thing, his political thing, for so long that political Imran is older than the youngest semi-sentient Khanista. At 22, political Imran was eligible to vote four years ago.

That political Imran is a veteran is an advantage for Prime Minister Khan — initially. The rabid Khanista base is genuine and it insulates him from immediate political attack. Give him a chance, huh.

But it will close in.

Look closely at what Imran has done so far: he’s laid out what he wants to do and he’s picked the people to do it. The latter everyone can already agree, they aren’t the best people. Khanistas will argue that subordinates matter little when Imran is there.

Unlikely, but back to that in a bit.

Start with the first part: what Imran has said he wants to do. The speech on Sunday sent supporters into raptures and temporarily muted even the fiercest of opponents. Which makes sense: if it wasn’t all quite new, Imran’s agenda is mildly reassuring after a wild and bruising run-in.

But listen to the speech again and then once more. It is surprisingly small bore. No, really. Small bore in a Pakistani political sense.

Think of it this way: no one was going to remember all the bits in a speech that had promises peppered all over it, but a week removed how many can you already remember? Telescope out to a month, year, two years and three — you can already see the highlights and enumeration fading away.

Khanistas will sneer, but it will become apparent in time.

Sure, all political speeches fade and what remain are some memories of how it felt and maybe what it went on to mean. In that sense whether they were 20 points or four doesn’t matter.

It is the cumulative promise that matters.

But what was the promise? It’s a good promise all right and it hit some of the right religious notes for the centre right. But promise here is rooted in muscular nationalism too.

If you zoom out from the specific points and adjust for partial and uneven delivery — the Pakistan that Imran has promised is a vague version of an Indonesia, Malaysia or Thailand. Great countries to even aspire to be like over the medium-term, but not exactly thrilling politically.

Not for Pakistan.

And roar their approval as the Khanistas have, child malnutrition, public schools and public hospitals aren’t exactly issues that move the PTI’s core. Urban success is measured in not using those public services — and that won’t change quickly.

But the agenda is now laid out. Small bore it is. What can and likely will change the agenda are unexpected events — and those are rarely of the good kind here.

The other consequential decision Imran has made are his picks for the cabinet and in the provinces. He didn’t really have a choice. Allies exist to extract their pound of flesh and that pound is always more than the number of seats they have.

When you’re 70 or 80 per cent of the way to the finish line, the maths suggests you need the allies more than the allies need you. Usually, hardly a problem to dwell over.

Politics is what politics is.

But Imran’s problem is that he’s a populist with fierce anti-corruption rhetoric and he’s clambered to the top decrying his political opponents.

Anti-corruption rhetoric in opposition becomes a headache for all who eventually attain high office but because of the people Imran’s picked and the enemies he’s long made, the space for Imran to manoeuvre is minimal.

The obvious options are to push hard on optics — simplicity in high office, pretending to trim waste and other such silliness — and keep pounding away at the enemies — it helps that Imran seems to genuinely detest the folk he’s railed against for decades.

But that will only go so far.

A politically small-bore agenda that doesn’t have true red meat for the base plus the carving up of red anti-corruption meat for the base blocked by a status quo heavy cabinet and provincial picks — all well and good when politics is about selling the gaudy and settling for the average

Imran’s problem in this new version of an old experiment is that he is, in fact, different to what has come before. Imran is a populist with actual popular appeal.

But the dream he’s laid out is soft and squishy — a mostly social agenda for a hard nationalist politics. And the people Imran has picked will quite obviously dent his transformative, anti-corruption political rhetoric.

So, what does a populist do when his popular appeals start to slip?

Probably nothing very good.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 26th, 2018

Imran time is here

The writer is a member of staff

AN opening weekend with something for everyone — the hope-y, change stuff; status quo and reality exerting themselves; tawdry politics and confusion; a sense that something is happening, but direction unclear.

It’s Imran time.

If change is a comin’ or change is to remain another country, there are at least some clues of where to look for early signs of the change agenda.

Imran’s actual agenda is surprisingly — or perhaps not — hard to pin down, but listening to him you get a sense: corruption-free, education, health and environment. A big four of sorts that dominates Imran’s politics.

In none of the four can change be gauged quickly.

Maybe clean-at-the-top is something you can signal by knocking off a few big fish or putting in place some Mother Teresa types. But clean in government takes a while to make itself apparent.

Say, six to nine months before the effects of a new government with a new spirit that it actually intends to infuse into the corruption-ridden body of the state start to become visible.

There’s more good news for Imran. He’s got quite a good opening stretch to look forward to in the kind of stuff that is out of his, and Pakistan’s, control.

Same goes for health and education. More likely, 12 to 18 months before even the flicker of reform starts to become apparent. Change — positive change — is slower than the politics that drives and demands it.

Environment is the slowest. Sure, you can do the big PR campaigns of billions and billions of trees planted, but for anyone with actual contact with the environment — which is everyone — change is necessarily a slow, slow process.

So the big four of Imran’s political agenda — anti-corruption, education, health and environment — are necessarily going to take a while to manifest themselves, whether as success or more-of-the-same failure.

Luckily — or as time will tell, unluckily — the economic arena has made itself a candidate for big, quick, splashy change that can drive the politics of change. And Imran has a hidden advantage here.

The N-League was beaten so senseless politically over its mishandling of state finances and the economy that there is no greater political truth today than that a financial crisis of monumental, historic, unprecedented proportions is already upon us.

It doesn’t exist. At least not as a crisis we haven’t seen before or that can’t be reasonably managed until the future lot are handed a familiar bag of steaming you-know-what.

Actual crisis is: close-to-zero or negative GDP growth; big inflation; no electricity in the system; serious sanctions or no external creditors available at any cost when the familiar dollar crisis hits; a vastly bigger-than-usual chasm between state expenditure and revenue generation; and monumentally unmanageable debt relative to the size of the economy.

There’s none of that.

The horror that was Dar prevents anyone reasonable or credible from driving home the point that there is no giant economic or financial crisis the likes of which the country has never seen or that can’t be managed with relatively familiar and probably quickly available steps.

That’s good news for Imran.

Because once the narrative switches to something more sympathetic, the mere claim that a historic crisis has been avoided by deft and wise steps, that’s a win for the hope-y change agenda.

It gets — or can get — better.

The federal budget is an annual event, but Asad Umar will immediately get to rack up some points resetting the numbers in the premature budget forced through by the PML-N in April. Big business can quickly be thrown some incentives they can loudly cheer. Quick, happy positive can be had with a reshuffle of loss-making public company management.

Luckily, for the purposes of politics, real turnaround of the economy and state finance is a multi-term project. Do enough in the beginning of a term to differentiate yourself and hope that a big external shock does not rock the system closer to an election, and you’re in good enough shape to fight for re-election.

There’s more good news for Imran. He’s got quite a good opening stretch to look forward to in the kind of stuff that is out of his, and Pakistan’s, control.

There’s no immediate crisis with India. Afghanistan is being bundled in the direction of peace talks. The Saudi-Iran stuff may explode, but it would hardly be a sudden crisis now. The domestic militancy stuff has been tamped down.

China is locked in and Pakistan a core part of Xi’s big external project. The West is not really looking for a fresh confrontation with Pakistan, barring something on the scale of 9/11 happening and being traced back here.

Sure, events can and will happen, but you wouldn’t complain too much about the regional and international hand if you were Imran just now.

Surely there’re downside risks too?

If Project Imran is about bypassing and side-stepping the core problem of who actually runs Pakistan, there’s two changes in the first few months of Imran’s term that may cause that question to bubble up.

The first, in October, can’t be mentioned for reasons of the muzzle and the leash.

The other big change is in the court. The fag-end of the incumbent’s tenure will begin soon, always a tricky stretch. And the judge who follows may want to quickly establish there’s a new top robe in town.

Imran time is here. But is change really a comin’?

The writer is a member of staff

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 19th, 2018

Three possibilities

The writer is a member of staff.

FORGET the silliness about profound change and marvellousness. This is the real world and the real world, our world, is about fighting tooth and nail and maybe emerging bloodied but not broken.

There have been three possible versions of Imran.

One version is already dead, two possibilities remain — and together the three cover the spectrum from the dreamy to the hard-nosed to the sceptical.

The Khanista just wants to feel better about himself and this land of ours.

Dreamy is already dead.

Dreamy in the Khanista sense has never existed. Ours isn’t a polity of overthrow and revolution and the core of the Khan base is already a beneficiary of a two-tiered system: the somewhat-haves and the really have-nots.

The Khanista just wants to feel better about himself and this land of ours.

But, from within the system that Imran has demonstrated he is more than willing to work in, there was a dreamy scenario.

It was the promise of holding the others’ feet to the fire without burning down the house.

In easy terms, in opposition, Imran’s greatest promise was to force improvements in the status quo by using his political base as leverage.

You gotta do this — ‘this’ being improvements in the anti-corruption regime, police reforms, service delivery, whatever — because if you don’t you’ll be exposed as liars and frauds, and my star will rise and yours will diminish.

If that sounds woolly — dreamy — it may have been.

The PML-N or the PPP before it would hardly have been eager to listen. Why change what’s already working for them?

But the dreamy scenario for Khan, and by extension the rest of us, could have been bolstered by two other changes already in place.

While political inertia is still possible — no anti-corruption, judicial, police or service-delivery reforms in a decade — it’s increasingly harder to justify.

Wilful intransigence in the face of fierce political opposition can quite realistically erode political support and boost opponents.

The other part that has changed is the court’s willingness to get political. Local governments and the census, as everyone knows, only happened when they did because of the court’s intervention.

Put serious-minded political opposition together with specific demands and stack them on top of public disapproval of political inertia and the court’s activism — and you could have had some momentum for positive change.

Holding the others’ feet to the fire and, if that too failed, ascending to the most coveted of civilian offices, the PM-ship, with the winds of promise and hope at his back — the dreamy scenario.

But Imran chose otherwise.

He hasn’t quite burned down the house yet, but he has set a couple of the rooms on fire and embarked on a project wracked by uncertainty.

It could turn out to be a hard-nosed middle ground — one of the two remaining possibilities for Imran.

Hard-nosed reality is about reconciling political rhetoric with electoral and governance realities, and doing just enough to stay ahead of the chasing pack.

Imran has several advantages here. His compromises, as and when they come, aren’t such a big deal — he is the change, not the people he needs to rely on to assemble the necessary numbers.

But perhaps more important, Imran has a formidable PR machine available, partly built up his party, partly loaned out to him by elements supportive of him.

Hard-nosed reality is about incremental change backed by a vociferous, over-the-top PR machine.

Almost like what KP produced the last time round: change at the margins, enough to differentiate from the other status quo options, with a massive PR machine that has made it impossible to gauge what is true, semi-true or wildly untrue.

Hard-nosed reality is about accepting marginal change and staying ahead of the chasing pack.

So, who cares who Imran picks as CM, speaker or anything else formulaically relevant to democratic delivery and success?

All Imran has to do is stay a smidgen ahead of the previous lot in terms of delivery, keep his PR machine amped up to maximum, and ride the crest of popular support to remaining a legitimate contender in the next election.

Success.

And if not success, the third option: why not Imran?

Why-not-Imran, the third original possibility and one of the two surviving options, is probably Imran’s greatest asset.

A lie at the heart of Imran’s ascension to power and the smiting down of his predecessor has been that there is a crisis — a crisis at the heart of the state, and in the core of governance, that needs immediate rectification.

A crisis that if not rectified will lead to untold disarray and damage.

A crisis to unravel Pakistan.

It’s a lie. Not because there is no crisis, but because the crisis is familiar and the options to emerge from it are well known, more or less reasonably implementable and far from the now-or-never option it has been made out to be.

The PML-N’s mismanagement of the economy has proved only one thing: between the PPP’s road to disaster and the N-League’s, there’s only a question of route, not degree.

But what is this utter disaster exactly?

Back to handouts or bailouts that every government has managed and that Imran’s will too?

A horrible government is what Pakistanis have been programmed to accept, which has left, and may leave, Imran with the ultimate get-into-the-PM Office excuse:

Scepticism.

What’s the worst he can do? Why not give him a chance? It’s not like the others have worked.

But sceptical is dangerous.

Between the dead option of dreamy and the extant option of scepticism, you have to wish for hard-nosed reality.

Welcome Prime Minister Khan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 12th, 2018

Hostage to numbers

The writer is a member of staff.

IN this necessary interlude, some words from one of the better villains in modern moviedom. From the Joker himself in The Dark Knight: “You know what I am? I’m a dog chasing cars. I wouldn’t know what to do with one if I caught it. I just do things.”

Cultural propriety prevents from suggesting who the mutts here are, but there’s a whole lot of chasin’ going on. And from all this chasing two things will be created two things: a government and an opposition. And then there will be goodness and greatness and everything right.

Sausage-making of any kind, halal or otherwise, isn’t supposed to be pretty and that’s fine — as long as you get what you want in the end. Between the incoming government and the opposition silliness, you’d quite obviously prefer to be Imran just now.

Compromise doesn’t hurt Imran politically. Long ago, he figured out the appropriate spin: he is the PTI and it is to him that everyone must look for change. It helps that the system is already geared towards the authoritarian-democrat. Parties are a top-down venture here.

It helps that the system is already geared towards the authoritarian-democrat. Parties are a top-down venture here.

So, if you can name five parliamentarians outside the usual suspects who appear relentlessly on TV and you have the money and the inclination, you too could get into the government-constructing numbers game.

It’s not all that hard.

Harder is to do something once you’ve got the numbers locked down. Hardest is to escape the logic of the numbers that you’ve constructed.

What Imran will do from here Imran will do from here. Leave it to the prognosticators and clairvoyants to predict the predictable and battle the obvious. Maybe he’ll succeed, certainly he’ll fail — we’re all just passengers on that ride now.

But 2018 already has consequences for the candidates and parties we’ll get the next time round — and probably for a long time beyond that too. And a lot of it isn’t good.

Imagine you were a candidate in this election or someone thinking about dipping his toes in electoral waters the next time round.

What did you see?

The first thing you’ve learned is to catch the right ticket. In two places that is proving practically immutable: PPP in interior Sindh, PML-N in central Punjab. Everywhere else, it’s more or less about catching the right electoral train at the right time.

The silliness about the death of electables because of a handful of high-profile defeats on the winning side probably sits just fine with most electables: 2018 has proved a deeper relevance and longevity for them that maybe even they could have imagined.

The team that was constructed for the PTI in 2018 is rooted in the promise of electables. The first big breakaway faction assembled was in south Punjab and it is from there that momentum was built. No electables, no path to victory.

The rah-rah-ing of the Khanistas and the PTI since victory has been theirs can only gloss over a significant problem: electables are more relevant to the electoral game that at any point this century. In 2002, you needed a line to Musharraf and his inglorious two-star sidekick more than you did a line to the voter.

The second thing you’ve probably noticed as a current or future candidate is the persistence of no-name winners. The no-name winner is seemingly the reverse of the electable: the former relying entirely on the mega wattage of an incoming prime minister for support, the latter merging a fixed constituency base with the right party in any given election.

But both no-name winner and electable need to ride the coattails of someone else.

In 2013, in Punjab, particularly at the provincial level, the PML-N could have put up stuffed animals on a bunch of seats and probably still have won. That was the Nawaz effect. This time, Imran will probably take a while to recognise a bunch of his MPAs and MNAs. That’s fine.

The problem is that the persistence of no-name winners likely will end up doing the opposite of what it suggests.

Because on face value no-name winners suggest a kind of opening up of the electoral system — if a no-name can win, and many winning without spending big money, then you, the aspiring candidate, can also win.

More likely, though, is that the persistence of no-name winners by the bucketful in elections will reinforce the worst tendencies of party leaders. If they’ve only won because of you, would you expect them to do anything other than shut up and rise when told?

The persistence of no-name winners could make them a version of the women and non-Muslim seats in parliament: an apparent plus for the democratic project that is easily captured and rendered useless by party bosses.

The persistence of the electable and the no-name winner in the system are obviously not Imran’s concern. Nor should they be. And even if they were, it’s not like he can do much about it.

But that doesn’t mean he’ll be able to escape the logic of what they mean: the electable pulling Imran in directions he’d rather not be seen going, the no-name winner doing nothing for him because he doesn’t need to.

Sausage-making isn’t pretty, but it’s helpful to watch the ingredients being used. Imran will get the numbers he needs in parliament.

Harder, though, is to do something once you’ve got the numbers locked down. Hardest is to escape the logic of the numbers that you’ve constructed.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 5th, 2018

The next five years

The writer is a member of staff.

PRIME MINISTER Imran Khan it is. Some of it, we already know what it means. A lot of it, no one can really know. A door has been opened, but opened to what? Few would be willing to bet about much right now.

First-time PM, first-time government, a familiar experiment updated for the modern era — it’s that last part that could prove most interesting for politics and power struggles in a second decade of managed continuity.

Because, for all the naysaying and easy predictions of doom, Imran may be in a stronger position than is immediately apparent.

Take a look: Imran still striving to get required numbers to form govt

Forget the stuff where Imran and the ones who have made him align — if they align for the most part, there is no real problem. It’s when Imran and the ones who have made him fall out that the arrangement will be tested.

Messier could delay Imran’s plans, but messier could also bring the whole damn thing crashing down on everyone’s heads.

And for future strife, Imran may be better positioned than any civilian could be.

The one-two punch of pre-poll and after-polling-hours stuff that has got Imran so very close to the finish line is important. Because bringing him so very close to the finish line in a single-party form has consequences.

A single-party majority in the National Assembly is near bulletproof constitutionally. There is no obvious way to unseat a prime minister. The Balochistan intra-party route can work if you have a no-name prime minister or a big-name status-quo type. Imran is neither.

Imran doesn’t have an actual single-party majority in the National Assembly, but for all intents and purposes he does. He’s bigger than No 2 and 3 combined, and that’s as good as being locked in for the next five years.

The Sanjrani option would require the new No 2 party to also collude with the makers and breakers of politics. Impossible? Never say never in Pakistan, but surely about as close to impossible for the next term as anything in politics can be.

Ah, but then the last chap had a straight majority and look where he is now.

True enough. Maybe the greatest danger, at least directly, to prime-ministerial continuity is the court. But in the elimination of the last chap, a convergence was apparent between the court and the making-and-breaking lot.

Can the court go it alone?

Iftikhar Chaudhry came the closest to seeming to do so, but he had slayed a dictator and was a populist phenom. Some in the current lot have had a go at big-time populism, but none control the full judiciary like Chaudhry did.

You need to keep a tight lid on your own lot before you get into PM-slaying mode.

Maybe if Imran independently gets himself in trouble, the court could step in and deliver a knock-out punch. But where would that trouble come from?

The flip side of this silliness over possible anti-rigging agitation is what should keep Imran secure and locked in.

Having conditioned everyone to accept Imran as the likely No 1 party, the next step has been almost deliciously clever. Who’s really going to get worked up over a couple of dozen or so seats when those seats guarantee a clear, though maybe not clean, mandate?

The alternative is a lot of blood, sweat and tears to achieve a hung parliament that does no real good for anyone on the other side. Messier could delay Imran’s plans, but messier could also bring the whole damn thing crashing down on everyone’s heads.

Ah, but the last dharna was a year into the last term and, if the need arises, surely some kind of opposition to Imran can be cobbled together. It’s also not hard to create temporary lynchpins, like the dharna-maker from abroad or the Faizabad monster.

But all of that works if there’s a plausible alternative available.

The removal of the last chap had left many hungry for a bite at the prime-ministerial apple: Imran, Shahbaz, Zardari, a Sanjrani type.

But this week has left Zardari or a Zardari nominee further away from the ultimate prize. The recovery in PPP votes outside Sindh is too marginal to help Zardari’s PPP break into the two-party big-boy club.

Shahbaz has flopped and worse, with his brother in jail, Shahbaz can’t legitimately go after the biggest prize of all. The Sanjrani option has imploded.

There is, of course, a father-daughter duo sitting in jail. But for them to get at Imran, they’ll need to get past the makers-and-breakers first. Maybe Imran will commit a sin grievous enough to nudge the making-and-breaking lot into seeking a truce with the father-daughter duo.

But who would you bet the father and daughter despise more: Imran or …?

So the good news for the Khanistas and the PTI is that Imran may be more secure than he already looks. And maybe, just maybe, desperately maybe, for the few democratically minded lot left, Khan’s security of tenure could be a good thing too.

’Cause if it does come down to a fight, you’ll always want a civilian to win.

Good luck, Prime Minister Khan. May he use the security of tenure well. And if he doesn’t and they come after him, may he fight like a demon. In the long run, there is no other choice.

Onwards, to a second decade of managed continuity.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 29th, 2018

The battle for central Punjab

The writer is a member of staff.

THE muzzle is tighter and the leash shorter, but that’s just how it is for now — and will likely remain. Don’t let the rowdiness of social media and the freewheeling ways of the internet fool.

Right.

Somehow, we’re here. The election everyone thought would and wouldn’t happen, that would happen on time or before time or after time — it’s here. And we’re all here, sort of. And there’s a lot going on.

Stuff that the aforementioned short and tight leash prevents from speaking of freely.

But at least the cat is out of the electoral bag.

Why is central Punjab so fiercely divided? Why are folk there unable to choose decisively between Imran and Nawaz?

There were too many cats to stuff into the bag to begin with and the bag would have had to be small to remain unobtrusive. But small isn’t effective, so it’s not clear what was being thought; but here we are.

To the big picture.

It helps that it hasn’t really changed. Set aside the sinister and silly stuff and go back in electoral time a year or two, and you’d have pretty much set it up the way it looks right now.

A battle in Punjab for control of the centre. PTI versus PML-N. PPP secure in its base in Sindh and looking to win back bits of space elsewhere. A clutch of smaller parties and independents.

Maybe the stuff with the insertion of the far right and militant right into electoral is new, and the brazenness and scale somewhat surprising. But it’s not like they haven’t talked about it for years.

An electoral map that just before polling day looks like a map that could have been drawn up before all the manipulation is an interesting position to have arrived at.

Sure, the reasons why the N-League and the PTI are actually locked in competition at this late stage are different to what normal political competition may have produced.

But the forced stuff may have very, very inadvertently sharpened the picture of true political competition.

Take south Punjab. It’s pretty much where it has always been. The PML-N may have thought it had a chance to consolidate the gains of 2013, but the reasons weren’t all that convincing.

Regional dynamics were never going to allow a PML-N sweep in south Punjab and the PTI’s electables-first approach fits in with the historical pattern of politics there.

Have a look at KP. The PML-N has been artificially pegged back, but the best argument for a PML-N surge in KP in 2018 was: they keep chucking out the incumbents and only the PML-N is left to try.

Not terribly convincing.

Look around Karachi. The dismantling of the MQM opened a door, but the PTI and PML-N never looked particularly interested.

And poor Balochistan; the shenanigans there have been gross.

But even before, the big parties weren’t looking to change the old Balochistan template: a few floating seats to be gathered up post-election by whoever wins at the centre.

Maybe the PPP out of habit and need wanted to try harder in Balochistan, but that doesn’t really change the big picture.

All of which is to say, an election decided in central Punjab between the PML-N and PTI is the election you could have guessed we would have arrived at if it was going to be legitimately contested to begin with.

That’s helpful for purposes right here — because it avoids strain on the muzzle and leash in going after the cats that have now plainly leapt out of the bag — and genuinely interesting for purposes everywhere.

Why is central Punjab so fiercely divided? Why are folk there unable to choose decisively between Imran and Nawaz?

It’s not like the problem arrived in 2018 or has been made real only by force. It was in Lahore in October 2011 that Imran and the PTI announced themselves as legitimate contenders.

In 2013, the few seats won in central Punjab may have shocked and deflated the PTI, but the votes the party gathered were substantial and immediately confirmed the main battle of 2018.

Depending on who you support and who you hate, you can be impressed or repulsed by what Imran and Nawaz have created for their individual selves in central Punjab.

Imran for genuinely breaking into an area where the core of the enemy party’s political machine is present. Nawaz for demonstrating that even when bludgeoned, his support in central Punjab will keep the N-League electorally competitive.

You can guess some of the reasons why central Punjab is so divided.

Populous, rich, always fought over, never succumbing to anyone for too long; Imran’s message of change resonating widely but not deeply; Nawaz fusing delivery with defiance to create continuing appeal.

But you can also guess something’s changed.

If you can set aside the noise over what’s fair and right and what’s good and bad, a turn at the wheel for the PTI shouldn’t have been that big a deal. It’s a familiar game and the eventual outcome will likely be familiar too.

The voter of central Punjab may as well have filled the sails of Imran by now, let him get over the finish line ahead of the others this time, and apology-vote Nawaz back into power later.

Old power games don’t need new voter tactics. They didn’t in the 1990s.

But central Punjab seems to have dug in its heels on all sides. Fierce political convictions everywhere is surely a good thing. The problem is when that turns into electoral gridlock.

Happy voting.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 22nd, 2018

Carnage and sitting ducks

The writer is a member of staff.

HORROR in Mastung, farce in Punjab — one numbing and grotesque, the other familiar political confrontation. But that’s where the week has left us, so that’s where we must go.

Hyper-partisanship, fear, anger, dread, confusion — it’s all out there at the moment and it’s all mixed up. So let’s try and stick to a measure that maybe some can agree on: effectiveness.

Surely, whatever’s being done, whatever’s being wrought, whatever’s being suffered by whomever, the action or the response to be assessed can be held against a standard of effectiveness. To wit, is it working?

Value neutral may be value free and that’s rarely a good thing, but value neutral can at least try and sidestep issues of partisanship in a toxic, dangerous environment.

So, is it working?

Start with Nawaz. If only because the situation is more obvious and there’s more that can be publicly said. Early on, there were two problems apparent in the quest to oust Nawaz from politics.

Remove him from office, how? Send him to jail and then what?

Why bother with the knock to judicial reputation if NAB can be made to do the job and everything ends up back in the highest court anyway?

The first had been partially answered in the PPP’s last stint. In a post-58(2)(b) world and with direct rule ruled out as not worth the trouble yet, there aren’t exactly a plethora of options.

But a path did become available in the PPP’s last stint: the court.

Ouster inevitably ends up in the court for adjudication, so why not pre-empt the challenge and get the court to do the ouster itself. Iftikhar Chaudhry’s coruscating judicial activism was the perfect accompaniment at the time.

It worked with one PPP PM and then nearly with the next, but the chap who was really being hunted had cloaked himself in the immunity of the presidency.

That great escape probably still rankles, and it’s worth remembering that Gilani was knocked out effectively for shielding Zardari and they nearly got their man in Memogate.

But the court route has a limitation, too: you need something to adjudicate on.

Corruption is a favoured, eternal hook in a quasi-functional polity and state, but the corrupt have a way of figuring out how to stay ahead of the system. They have to if they expect to stay in the game.

Then came Panama.

But Panama was always a tenuous hook on which to try and hang the case of ouster. The iqama and the silliness of the NAB judgement have proved exactly that.

Judicially, the ducks haven’t been in a row from the beginning. Forcing them into a row seemed beyond unreasonable before the iqama excuse was unveiled.

Why bother with the knock to judicial reputation if NAB can be made to do the job and everything ends up back in the highest court anyway?

The NAB stage may have exposed why: they have nothing.

So spurious is the NAB judgement that had things been the other way around, the NAB stage triggering ouster, the clamour against it may have been proved too much for the system to resist, for very long anyway.

At least this way we’ve all been inoculated to and lived through the ouster already.

But that still leaves the question of effectiveness: will it stick and if so, for how long?

So spurious is the NAB judgement and so legally odd the iqama reasoning that in them you can already see the seeds of political and, eventual, legal rehabilitation of Nawaz.

Aha, but that’s why jail was the backup. Push too hard or beyond what the rules of the game allow and Nawaz would be sent to jail. That threat of a double tap would be enough deterrent.

But jail carries matters back into the political realm.

And with Nawaz, jail has been built on the weakest of judicial foundations. The case against him through its various iterations is basically a version of, well, of course he’s corrupt.

There is also the indelicateness of Maryam in jail.

Read: The sombre father and smiling daughter

The best political spin on incarceration for her is that she’s transparently a beneficiary of corruption. Look at where she lives and look at how she lives. But it is also demonstrably true, in a political sense, that Maryam hasn’t done the wealth accumulation herself.

How can she have? She hasn’t held a job in her life and she’s no Zardari the spouse, Mr Ten Etc. Maryam in jail hastens the process of eventual unmanageable public disapproval of Nawaz in jail.

Nawaz’ll have to stay in jail a while. A year, a year and a half, maybe two or more. But if the PM House is just a stop on the way to jail, jail is a stop on the way to the PM House.

So forget for a minute which side of the fence you’re on and assess this all from the value-neutral touchstone of effectiveness.

Is this working? Can it keep working?

OK, maybe you’re thinking that ouster and incarceration, however temporary, whatever the eventual outcome, are worth it here and now. At least there’s the satisfaction of seeing him ousted. At least the fill-in-the-expletive-of-choice is in jail.

But is there real joy at a third exit, especially if a third exit may help him bag a fourth term.

The colossal stupidity and waste of time in all of this is what rankles the most. Love him, hate him, whatever your perspective, the ducks just won’t stay in a row.

It’s the rest of us, you and me, the hapless lot, who are sitting ducks.

Which brings to the carnage in Mastung. A benefit of this medium is occasionally running out of space. No comment on Mastung.

May God save us all, ducks included.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 15th, 2018

GDA causes a ripple in Sindh, but unlikely to make waves

IT has been seemingly an eternal truth in Sindh: outside the urban centres in the south of the province, the PPP will romp to electoral victory. On the few occasions that the PPP has been pegged back in its rural and semi-urban Sindh strongholds, a familiar alliance of anti-PPP electables has been assembled to artificially suppress the PPP’s seat count.

But a fortnight before the general election, the PPP’s aim of extending its political control in Sindh, including picking up some seats dominated for decades by the MQM in Karachi and Hyderabad, could be facing a triple threat. The consolidation of the anti-PPP vote in Sindh under the banner of the Grand Democratic Alliance could chip away at the PPP’s expected seat count. If a perception takes hold among voters that the PPP’s path to power may be blocked, the electoral prospects of GDA and its allies could surge in the final days of the campaign.

In addition, 10 consecutive years of PPP governance in the province may have created simmering popular discontent that the Zardari clan’s political deal-making and patronage politics may be unable to fully counter. And now, with a financial dragnet being deployed against alleged banking and business allies of Asif Zardari, the PPP could face a difficult post-election environment, with PPP leaders suggesting privately that the crackdown could be an attempt to dictate which way the PPP cohort in the National Assembly votes for prime minister.

Yet, those factors are not expected to radically alter the political order in Sindh. “The starting point for Sindh politics is two factors,” Sohail Sangi, a veteran journalist, said. “People vote for the PPP because, one, the PPP, starting from the days of ZAB, is seen as willing to fight at the centre (of the federation) for Sindh and, two, the PPP can come to power at the centre.”

The absence of an organised, province-wide political opposition to the PPP has been a further advantage for the party, one that temporary anti-PPP electoral alliances have been unable to overcome in the past. The Pir Pagara-led GDA is the latest iteration of anti-PPP alliances in Sindh.

Grand Democratic Alliance

Such is the dominance of the PPP in Sindhi-speaking rural and semi-urban parts of the province that, of the 37 directly elected National Assembly seats outside Karachi and Hyderabad in the province, a good showing for the GDA may be to win 10 or fewer NA seats, according to political analysts.

However, Murtaza Jatoi, a leading member of the GDA and a formidable candidate in his constituency in Naushahro Feroze district, suggested that the GDA and sundry allies in Sindh arrayed against the PPP, including the PTI, can win at least 15 or 16 directly elected National Assembly seats.

Ayaz Latif Palijo, a fiery opponent of the PPP from Hyderabad and secretary general of the GDA, is also upbeat. Running through a list of potential winning GDA candidates from Badin in the south to Ghotki district in the north and candidates in districts from Thatta to Larkana who can give the PPP a strong challenge without necessarily winning, Palijo argued that the traditional voting paradigm in Sindh is set to change.

Public frustration at endemic corruption and poor service delivery will cause voters to turn away from the PPP, according to the GDA secretary general. “There used to be a steady pro-PPP and anti-PPP vote in every constituency,” Palijo said. “But 10 years of the PPP calamity has changed how voters, especially relatively younger voters, think about politics. How can it not? The disaster the PPP has created is the people’s reality.”

Murtaza Jatoi also cited voter anger as favouring the GDA candidates in 2018: “They (the PPP) have been selling jute bags for 10 years. Sugar cane was a turning point this year. Peasants were hit, small farmers were hit and a group with 17 sugar mills did well. The people know who owns the 17 sugar mills.”

If the anti-PPP rhetoric is familiar, it could gain traction with some voters in 2018 for several reasons. “People say that the waderas are all with us. But the PPP has been in power for 10 years and now they’re all with them. And the new contractor class,” a reference to local influentials bidding for government contracts, “is with them, too. The people know this,” Jatoi said.

He continued: “Look, the old days of waderas coming to us with two, three, five thousand votes is over. Now, we deal with people with maybe 100 or 200 votes and people are vocal about their demands.”

Both Palijo and Jatoi mentioned the influence of social media as a new electoral factor in 2018. “It wasn’t there before, not even in 2013. Now, complaints and voter anger go viral and younger people think they can spark the next Tahrir Square,” Palijo said.

Patronage

Amidst flickers of change, the pull of traditional patronage politics remains strong in Sindh. Murtaza Jatoi credited a host of government projects, running into billions of rupees, that he was able to bring to Naushahro Feroze as a federal minister in the previous government for maintaining his strong position in his constituency.

“The prime minister (Khaqan Abbasi) announced a Rs3bn package for Naushahro Feroze last year. Development work was blocked from April 1 this year instead of after the caretaker government took over and there have been some delays, but the people know I can deliver,” Jatoi said.

There is also speculation that the GDA is the latest establishment proxy in Sindh, an alliance cobbled together primarily to keep the PPP in check. Ayaz Palijo was dismissive: “It’s the PPP that’s been making all the deals with the establishment. If we had establishment support, the caretaker government wouldn’t be doing the PPP’s bidding nor would all the PPP’s projects be continuing.”

He added angrily, “This establishment talk is nonsense. Look at our members. Who put our backs against the wall? Who has damaged us and attacked us and injured us and undermined us? It’s the PPP. Why wouldn’t we oppose them?”

For critics of both the PPP and the GDA, the sparring between the two camps has only reiterated that they are both part of the status quo. The GDA welcoming candidates who have fallen out with the PPP — such as the Mirzas in Badin and the Mahars in Ghotki — and the PPP fielding candidates who have been part of anti-PPP alliances in recent elections — such as the Shirazis in Thatta — suggest that the rules of power politics and the sway of electables continue to dominate.

Ali Kazi, publisher of the influential Kawish newspaper and a recent entrant to electoral politics as founder of the Tabdeeli Pasand Party, cast the dominant political options in Sindh as a choice between bad and worse: “If the GDA does win more than a handful of seats, they’ll think it’s because of their good work. The same goes for the PTI. But it will really be because of the dismal PPP performance. The GDA, like the alliances before it, is not a real alternative to the PPP. The people of Sindh know the GDA means the status quo.”

PPP still dominant

Slight concerns within the PPP ranks that pockets of popular discontent with the party’s decade-long rule in the province could turn into a groundswell have been allayed as campaigning has picked up across the province. The formidable PPP electoral machine is up and running and is expected to deliver as it usually does

“At the national level, it should be like 2013, up or down one or two seats,” Naveed Qamar said. Qamar’s constituency in Tando Mohammad Khan is considered a safe seat, though he acknowledged that while the pull of the PPP remains strong across rural Sindh, individual candidates, particularly at the provincial level, are facing more questions from voters than ever.

A first election as candidate for Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari and his recent campaign tour of Sindh may also bolster the Bhutto brand. Allies of the young PPP chairman described a campaign stop in Pir Jo Goth, the ancestral hometown of Pir Pagara in Khairpur district, as an indication of the enduring draw of the Bhutto name in Sindh. Senator Mustafa Khokhar, who is accompanying Bhutto-Zardari on his national tour, said of the visit to Pir Jo Goth: “It was surprising. We arrived at around three in the morning. People had advised Bilawal against going there at all, saying there could be a security situation, but it was jampacked. People in the thousands turned up.”

But Sohail Sangi and other analysts caution that while the impact of Bilawal’s campaigning may not be negligible, it is unlikely to be significant. “Everyone can see that Bilawal doesn’t really have any power. He sat on the board (selecting PPP candidates), but the nominees were all what anyone could have predicted,” Sangi said.

Privately, PPP leaders admit that as party candidates have turned to campaigning, they have been faced with voters complaints about the lack of potable water, irrigation problems and demands for better health facilities. There are also widespread allegations that politically connected sugar mill owners have once again benefited from the sugar cane harvest at the expense of small farmers.

Yet, as the Zardari camp in the PPP is once again potentially being enmeshed in legal trouble, there are fresh concerns about the electoral outcome. “It’s probably too late for a major swing at the national level,” a PPP leader speaking on the condition of anonymity said. “But at the provincial level, there is a possibility that a GDA, PTI, PSP and maybe MQM alliance could be used to shut us out. This whole election is about a gun to the head of certain political forces.”

But barring a dramatic late shift or widespread manipulation, the eternal truth in Sindh politics will likely prevail once again: outside the urban centres in the south of the province, the PPP will romp to electoral victory.

Published in Dawn, July 12th, 2018

Prime Minister Khan

The writer is a member of staff.

AND then there were two: Imran and the Sanjrani-type option. Shahbaz has fizzled, Zardari is embattled and Nawaz — well, what would you do if you were Nawaz?

Return Nawaz has promised to do, but his words aren’t very convincing. Because return to what? It was already apparent that he wasn’t interested in fighting a bruising election.

Win but hand the keys of PM House to someone else? No thank you, Nawaz had all but announced. And that was before what has come in recent weeks.

Win but hand the keys of PM House to someone else? No thank you, Nawaz had all but announced. And that was before what has come in recent weeks.

Now, even if Nawaz returns and sets the campaign trail on fire, the pieces are in place to thwart a last-minute PML-N wave. South Punjab, independents, Lahore, fire-breathing mullahs, blunt pressure — so many ways to break the will and the vote bank of the N-League.

And if really needed, we’re at the stage that strategic ballot rigging or result tampering is back in the realm of the possible. Think the old MQM’s electoral Karachi on a national scale.

Read more: Stakes high for PTI as Imran to face rivals in less secure NA-243

Ah, but he’s said he’ll return and he seems to be in a stubborn phase. OK, fine.

Return to Pakistan and then what? If the election’s already lost, then being inside Pakistan, on the ECL or in jail, Nawaz will have the following to contend with:

A Supreme Court packed with future chief justices as far as the eye can see who have already declared Nawaz disqualified for life; a military high command that is virtually hardwired to regard him with suspicion or loathing; and a parliament and federal government stuffed with his political enemies.

Never say never and 2023 may as well be a political lifetime away, but if Nawaz can see a way out of the quagmire from inside Pakistan, he’s either a political genius or a historic fool. And only a fool would bet on him being the former just now.

Then again, it doesn’t look too great for Nawaz outside the country right now either. The whole point to being outside Pakistan is to begin anew the grind of fashioning a return to Pakistan.

BB’s second exile is the most likely model. The outside world and major capitals had cooled on her by then, the second stint in power having exposed her as a run-of-the-mill Third-World kleptocrat.

But like Pakistan tires of its civilians, it tires of its generals too. And the outside world eventually has use of civilians with reliable political support at home. As Musharraf’s star dipped, BB’s rose once again.

Nawaz could follow that path — but it may be harder still.

The world isn’t exactly having a democratic moment. The US/West-led liberal world order is in retreat. Pakistan has turned a corner in the fight against anti-state militancy; it doesn’t look or feel like a country on the verge of imploding like it did a decade ago.

Does Trump really care who runs Pakistan? Does Brexit Britain have time or attention for much else? There go the lead parties on BB and Musharraf’s NRO.

How pleased are the Saudis with Nawaz after he failed to deliver Pakistani troops for their little war in Yemen? Or the Gulf countries he may otherwise have good ties with? The Sharif alliance with Erdogan’s Turkey also appears to have cooled.

And then there’s China. CPEC is the obvious priority. But when the quest to oust Nawaz threatened political destabilisation, with potential knock-on effects for CPEC projects, the Chinese counselled restraint, but didn’t really do much.

Now the threat to the system has been inverted: it’s Nawaz who could cause great disruption and instability if he tries to force his way back into the system immediately. What’s in it for China to try and help salvage Nawaz’s political career in the near to medium term?

Ah, but Nawaz has said he’ll return, so that’s all that matters. OK, fine.

He’s back. They humour him a bit and allow him to run around the country. To see if he behaves and lets parliament and government get on without him. Prime Minister Khan or Prime Minister Fill in the Sanjrani Blanks.

But return only to behave and do as he’s required?

So they chuck him in jail. The sentence is already here and only a fool would think it’s just a deterrent, that they won’t enforce it if they need to.

Now there’s a problem: he’s actually in jail. The PML-N can implode, the PML-N can be frozen out of parliament, but can the PML-N or whatever the PML-N is mutated into be made to forget about Nawaz?

The whole damn problem is that Nawaz has managed to forge a connection with a swathe of Punjab. Until that connection breaks or is withered away, Nawaz is a problem. But in a system that’s evolved to manage problems, not fix them, it’s not an unmanageable problem.

A section of the public and politics has been primed to loudly cheer incarceration; the section of the people and politics that may lean against incarceration can be drowned out; and the few quaint, democratic types left can be easily suppressed.

And if it can’t?

Well, then cut a deal with him, let him out again and start the cycle all over again. Heads they win, tail everyone else loses.

And what about Prime Minister Khan? It says something that, in the twilight of his political career, on the threshold of seizing the prize he craves most, it’s still not obvious that he will.

There is still a possibility of Prime Minister Fill in the Blanks Sanjrani.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 8th, 2018

Adrift

The writer is a member of staff.

IT was never going to be great, but it didn’t have to be this bad: lacklustre Shahbaz, preoccupied Imran, embattled Zardari and sidelined Nawaz. Maybe the final weeks will bring something better.

So far, it’s been pretty dire.

Shahbaz has been the worst. And just as bad is that we’ve seen all of this before. In 2013, when he thought he may get elevated to Islamabad to fix electricity en route to being PM candidate in 2018, he gave the national campaigning business a whirl.

It ended in embarrassment.

It’s obvious Shahbaz isn’t comfortable in front of crowds. More suited for him are the ranks of bureaucrats and meetings chaired. Where his words are dutifully noted and semi-translated into the action he demands.

But it is possible to learn. Bilawal has done it and, probably more galling for Shahbaz, Maryam has too. They’ve figured out politics is performance art, at least the campaigning part of it.

You have to know the people and give them something they want. Shahbaz on the campaign trail has two modes: arms akimbo, pointless yelling and pounding of the lectern or oily, cheesy sucking up.

But it’s something more.

The anti-PPP alliance in Sindh has either been carefully cultivated to limit the PPP’s dominance or 10 years of epic misrule have finally started to catch up with the party.

To be a leader, to be perceived as a leader, you have to be a bit brash, ready to fight, willing to take on and take down enemies. Shahbaz is the schoolteacher who talks about theoretical stuff and just seems to want everyone to get along.

This isn’t a place for everyone getting along.

What Shahbaz lacks is a perceived will to fight. To stand up for something, for himself and his own. It was one thing to be beaten into second place by his elder brother. That can be excused on cultural grounds, familial roles and his brother’s political stature.

But then he began to fall behind his niece in the family pecking order. And at no point has he shown any appetite, willingness or inclination to challenge the boys, no matter the indignities heaped on the family.

Punjab may want its favourite son and his family to get along with its strongest institution, but not if it means a contender for power, the younger brother, incapable of standing up for himself against anyone — his niece, the boys, the party’s enemies and rivals.

Shahbaz has to adjust — and fast.

Imran’s problem has been more straightforward: Imran. Do the religious thing, get your spiritual ducks in a row, that’s not a problem. It may make for a few lurid headlines, but what’s a few more in a career full of them?

The problem is Imran hasn’t been able to get serious. He just isn’t interested in the business of running a party and managing competing interest groups. The tension between the electables and the originals has been baked into the PTI’s politics since 2013.

The tension can be managed, but not eliminated.

But those tensions are necessarily at their worst around ticket distribution. So to make ticket distribution work and to make it stick, you need to do plenty of ego massaging, hand holding and patient listening.

Almost as important as placating those who have lost out is to keep the winners from looking too smug and elated. Imran isn’t interested in either job. And the cult of the PTI doesn’t allow for enough unquestioning obedience to make dissent melt away quickly.

It’s been very messy.

Imran has managed to be in the peculiar scenario where his party is probably still in a relatively strong position, but neither he nor the party look like winners or even front-runners yet.

A party winning, or coming close to winning, despite itself and its leader? Surely not.

Toiling, though more in the shadows, has been Zardari too. In 2013, his political wiliness was exposed in the end to be empty grandstanding. Having tied up interior Sindh, he was going to pick up seats in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and south Punjab and a smattering in the rest of Punjab.

Point men were appointed in the different regions to shell out money, marshal the PPP vote and find winning constituency coalitions. It failed spectacularly; only pressure on the PPP from militants saving the party from having to own an utter rout.

This time, Zardari was supposed to lock down all of Sindh. The lack of an organised opposition in interior Sindh was going to sweep the PPP to victory there. And the disarray in the MQM in Karachi was supposed to allow the PPP to sneak in a bunch of seats.

But there’s trouble in PPP land.

Whether by design or the PPP’s incompetence, interior Sindh doesn’t look like it’s going to be the walkover the PPP would have hoped for. And the PPP’s big hopes in Karachi could turn out to be the smallest of gains in the end.

Why?

Depending on who you ask, the anti-PPP alliance in Sindh has either been carefully cultivated to limit the PPP’s dominance or 10 years of epic misrule have finally started to catch up with the PPP.

Either way, it’s not going to be a stroll to the finish line for the PPP.

Maybe the final 25 days will bring some real excitement and electoral competitiveness. The big unknown right now is Nawaz. Is Nawaz out of the country both because of the situation in London and because Shahbaz has asked he be given space?

If the latter is partly the reason, will Shahbaz’s inability to catch electoral fire bring Nawaz back into the electoral arena?

For the election’s sake, let’s hope the big four get their acts together — and soon.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 1st, 2018

10 million votes

The writer is a member of staff.

YOU need it to win an election. For all the electables you bring on board and the searing rhetoric that is being deployed, you need electoral momentum if you’re going to win.

To be a winner, you have to look like a winner.

But the PTI can’t seem to stop getting in its own way. There’s no point trying to explain why, it seems to be in the party’s DNA: make things more difficult for itself than they have to be.

There’s still time to build a winning momentum. If the PTI seemed plagued with yet more problems and dissent this week, the PML-N wasn’t able to get much done either because of the London situation.

So they’re probably where they both were relative to each other before the Eid break. But there’s just a month left now and once the ballots are finalised at the end of June, the constituency races will be set.

If you, a voter, haven’t voted for the PTI before, why would you vote for the PTI in 2018?

The N-League’s strategy is pretty much set: Nawaz will focus on his travails; Shahbaz will campaign on his record in Punjab; and the rest of the PML-N will focus on modest but obvious delivery.

Whether that’ll work or not, we’ll know on July 25.

But the PTI’s predicament is more interesting. To build momentum in the campaign proper, the party will have to figure out an answer to a question that it hasn’t been able to as yet.

Basically, if you, a voter, haven’t voted for the PTI before, why would you vote for the PTI in 2018?

Part of the answer will be electables. Their reliable voter blocs and constituency machines to gin up turnout could fetch the PTI some new votes.

But as everyone and their aunt has already pointed out, those new votes may come at the cost of a lower turnout in the PTI base disillusioned by the roster of candidates.

The PTI is gambling, and it’s probably right, that the net effect will be positive: the grumbling among the base will likely be compensated for by whatever the electables will add to the PTI voter haul.

How big a net positive that will be we’ll only know on July 25.

But it won’t be wildly over the top. The whole point to electables is that they’re reliable and predictable: while a bad election season could see them decimated, the upper end of voters they can bring is relatively well known.

So, no matter who it fields, the PTI will still have to find an answer to a tricky question: if you, a voter, haven’t voted for the PTI before, why would you vote for the PTI in 2018?

The PTI will need to come up with some compelling reasons for those voters because the party has a whole lot of ground to make up.

Headline numbers don’t necessarily mean much in a first-past-the-post system. PPP got fewer total votes in 2013 than the PTI, but it won more seats than the PTI. And the N-League grabbed nearly five times the seats as the PTI despite having only nearly twice as many total votes.

But headline numbers do mean something.

The winner will need to win at least 10 million votes. The PPP managed 10.7m in 2008 and the PML-N 14.9m in 2013. One was forced into a coalition, the other roped in some independents to assemble a single-party majority and the electorate is larger now.

So 10m votes is a reasonable enough baseline for a winner.

That’s at least 2m more votes than the PTI managed in 2013. The party needs momentum to crack the 10m ceiling and a whole lot more than that if it wants to win a majority.

It needs to start looking like a winner — discipline, focus and staying on message — rather than Imran acting like he’s already won.

Because if a fair assumption is that the PTI will need to get at least 60 per cent of the way to a majority in the National Assembly on its own, Imran and the PTI will have to convince several million more voters than have ever voted for the PTI to vote for the PTI on July 25.

Right now, that seems like an awfully long way off.

You’re registered to vote. Either you’ve never voted before or you’ve voted consistently for a party other than the PTI or you’re an occasional voter.

If you’ve never voted before, what’s the PTI done lately to convince you to turn out on July 25? Remember, it’s a double hurdle with the non-voter: making a decision to vote first and then choosing which party to vote for.

Ditto if you’ve been an occasional voter.

The third category is probably the most difficult for the PTI: getting a habitual voter for one of the other big parties to switch to the PTI.

The implosion of the PPP outside Sindh in 2013 doesn’t leave many old-time PPP votes to switch this time round. And you can guess a PPP switcher in 2018 may lean N-League.

Which leaves the PML-N. Assuming a lacklustre campaign and confusion about who is and will be in charge of the party, you can imagine some dampening of turnout for the N-League.

Which would be good for the PTI but not good enough. To win, the PTI will have to swing a bunch of 2013 PML-N votes in the PTI’s favour. But if you haven’t voted for the PTI before, why would you vote for the PTI in 2018?

The PTI needs to come up with an answer — and fast.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 24th, 2018

End of round one

The writer is a member of staff.

AND they’re finally — finally — off. Not quite charging out of the gates, more stumbling around and bumping into each other and colliding. No thoroughbreds these.

No heroes here.

But it’s still been interesting. Dissolution was the first big test. Would the N-League crumble? The thinking had been straightforward: nobody likes to quit ahead of time, but once the assemblies were dissolved, the cracks would manifest themselves.

Nawaz off doing his own, damaging thing; Shah­baz flailing around; the N-League seemingly rudderless — it was set up nicely for a quick implosion.

Didn’t happen.

Overall, the recent pattern held — a steady trickle out of the PML-N; few, if any, looking for a path into the party as a first option — and there was no radical party swapping, allegiance shifting.

Nawaz off doing his own, damaging things; Shahbaz flailing around; the N-League seemingly rudderless — it was set up nicely for a quick implosion.

The PTI’s self-inflicted travails and already being packed to the gills with potential candidates may have been part of the reason. The PPP taking itself out of contention most everywhere other than Sindh also probably helped.

But the story may have been about the N-League itself.

Nawaz turning up the volume to a full 10 had the potential to blow up all previous electoral calculations. The approach didn’t really stand to win the PML-N much electoral ground — it’s not really a subject that moves the needle positively — but it could have hurt.

It hasn’t really.

The steady turnout at Nawaz’s rallies and political intelligence from the field have suggested that while nobody was thrilled by Nawaz’s hard turn, the unhinged reaction to him muddied matters.

It makes a kind of sense. If you’re already sympathetic to a chap and suddenly everyone piles on against him, painting him as the devil incarnate and worse, you may start to wonder what’s really going on.

The primary vehicles used to try and pulverise Nawaz — TV and the PTI/PPP — also had their drawbacks. TV in particular is off every other day or so, chasing a new rabbit, routinely denouncing in the wildest, obscene terms even minor transgressions.

After a while, that becomes easier to shrug off.

An apparent truce of sorts within the PML-N probably helped too. You do your thing, we’ll do ours — that’s pretty much the division of labour now apparent in the PML-N. Nawaz isn’t exactly talking up Shahbaz, but neither are Shahbaz and co tying themselves in knots trying to explain Nawaz.

The end of the assemblies may have played a part. The rest of the PML-N has been freed of awkward official interactions and from saying potentially contradictory stuff that confuses everyone and angers many.

The other part may have been the time it takes to re-establish a wonky truce in a big political family under the most enormous of strains, from within and outside.

Interesting too are the electoral strategies that are becoming apparent. The PTI seems to be focused on the NA, distributing more PA tickets to the fresh faces, the inexperienced and those more closely resembling the change mantra.

The chosen focus of the PTI could have consequences. It has allowed the PML-N, particularly Shahbaz, to hang on to a large chunk of the party’s MPAs in Punjab. Typically, for every MNA seat, there are two MPAs.

Known as wings, MPA candidates can help boost the turnout and vote count for NA party ticketholders or chip away at the base of a strong National Assembly opponent. A strong N-League roster of provincial candidates in a tough electoral climate could prove to be a winning edge.

Conversely, the PTI’s seeming focus on the NA may allow the party to benefit from split votes. Say, you’re an N-League or independent voter in Punjab who’s not really inclined to see the N-League sweep to power at two levels again.

But you don’t want to abandon your party or perhaps as an independent voter, you don’t want to be seen aligning yourself with forces that you have doubts about.

So, you decide to split your vote: one party at the NA level, another at the PA level. A weak PTI field at the provincial tier versus a strong N-League field could help sort out your dilemma. Return the N-League to power in Punjab, give the PTI a shot at the centre.

The NA as the focus may also make sense for the PTI for another reason. The PTI’s sloppiness and silliness on full and embarrassing display in recent days cannot have been reassuring to anyone.

The sloppiness and silliness has reaffirmed that the party can only be trusted to do a few things if it is to be expected to do anything well. That’s just the nature of the PTI. There’s no point fighting it or trying to fix it at this stage.

So if the target has to be narrow, may as well make it for the biggest prize — the National Assembly.

The end of the assemblies has also helped partially answer two other questions. The PPP was nowhere outside Sindh in the last election and looks set to stay nowhere outside Sindh in this election.

The MQM infighting may help the PPP in Karachi, but in the other provinces a PPP ticket isn’t exactly being sought after. Diminished too are the prospects of the independents. Their luck depended on the N-League imploding and the PTI struggling.

Only one of those things has happened so far.

Round one, the immediate aftermath of dissolution, is over. Round two will be after Eid. Remember, there are no heroes here.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 10th, 2018

Turnout

The writer is a member of staff.

IT is a conceit of those who come later to imagine that they and the stuff happening around them are more important. That the battles they fight are fiercer, the resistance more noble, the enemy uglier, the tactics used more innovative or baser, the squalor worse.

The madness unprecedented.

Of course, the particular history of this country can help temper that conceit. Four great saviours, several robed crusaders, violent ideologues, a humiliating severing less than a quarter century in. And the circumstances of birth itself, the euphoria and cataclysm reduced to a single, awesome word: Partition.

So there’s no need to get carried away just now.

But there is need to be concerned.

The crisis is real and it’s multifaceted, and the closer we get to the election, the worse it may get.

The wild uncertainty, confusion and, yes, fear that has gripped the political process isn’t just a figment of everyone’s imagination. You don’t need Nawaz to tell you there is a crisis or Imran to deny there’s a crisis or Zardari to be sniffing around for an advantage in the crisis to know there’s a crisis.

The crisis is real and it’s multifaceted, and the closer we get to the election, the worse it may get. Because for all the manipulation and attempted control of the process, there’s a powerful unknown factor in all of this: the electorate itself.

It’s a story that’s already been told in several forms. The N-League hasn’t splintered, the PTI can’t stop getting in its own way, political intelligence from the field suggests a divided electorate and hung parliament.

Pakistan in 2018 isn’t Pakistan in 2008 and definitely not Pakistan in 1998.

Some of that is good and, in fact, certainty-promoting. Polling-day rigging is harder to pull off than ever, whether by ballot stuffing, suppressing turnout or manipulating the results announced.

Because it’s possible to say it now, the most consistently rigged elections in the country have probably been in Karachi. Not because the MQM wouldn’t win a majority of seats anyway, but the old party wanted total control.

Sixty per cent wasn’t good enough when 90 or 100 per cent could be had through brute force. And what a reign it was: organised ballot stuffing; suppressing turnout for whatever little opposition there was with violence and intimidation; dictating to election officials the final results to be announced.

That formidable machine was built on fear, the certainty of retribution and the public knowledge that the MQM would win a majority anyway. So why should anyone have risked much to try and get that MQM to stick to realistic winning margins or a more believable seat count.

That fear has never really existed at the national level and it is even less so now, even in the midst of the wildest of speculation and conspiracies. And then there’s the real change: information.

Cameras in millions of pockets, social media hungry for scandal, a partisan electronic media — good luck trying to suppress systematic ballot stuffing, turnout suppression or dodgy counting.

The game is really about the pre- and post-poll process: assembling the right weave of candidates nationally and a working majority — solo if you’re lucky, a coalition if you must — in parliament after the election.

Far from impossible in normal times that, and not entirely beyond the stretch of imagination in the election ahead. But that’s also where the problem is: even if the right weave of candidates is assembled nationally, will the electorate necessarily bite?

That this isn’t your parents’ electorate is obvious enough. Different worlds to the electorate of the ’70s and substantially different to the one in the ’90s. Age and changes in the country have guaranteed that.

But it may also be a substantially different electorate to the one in ’08.

An 18-year-old in 2008 was unlikely to have voted, the voting age having been reduced from 21 only an election before and the young generally being politically disengaged. In 2018, that man or woman is 28 — the range in which voting becomes a serious option.

New voters being pumped into the system and previously younger voters turning older don’t have to radically change electoral equations — and manipulations.

But in this time, this decade, the years between 2008 and 2018 something unusual has happened. Democratic continuity, two full-term civilian-era parliaments, three consecutive on-time elections and a second consecutive peaceful transition of power imminent — that everyone knows.

What’s less noticed is the hyper engagement and participation, and in the very places that it matters electorally. Turnout was a historic high in 2013, at 55pc nationally a distinct outlier from the historic range of 35-45pc.

But in Punjab it was 60pc in 2013, a full 12 points higher than 2008.

There’s plenty of indication that the 2013 levels will be maintained or surpassed in 2018, especially in Punjab. The February by-election in Lodhran was not an anomaly. A six-figure vote count for the winner and similar total votes for winner and loser combined in 2013 suggests a hyper-energised electorate.

It makes a kind of sense that 2018 could see a historic or thereabouts turnout.

Nawaz has been running around the country for a year, essentially in campaign mode. Imran has continued the PTI’s perma-campaign. It is difficult to recall stretches in which the PTI has been wholly inactive since essentially Oct 2011.

Now, Shahbaz has added himself to the mix.

Big turnout in a changed electorate after a decade of continuity and with systematic polling-day manipulation seemingly foreclosed — even those with the biggest toolbox shouldn’t be sure the electorate will respond as desired.

Turnout may have unleashed a powerful unknown factor: the electorate itself.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 3rd, 2018

Stop it, please

The writer is a member of staff.

FOR all the transparency of what’s being done — transparency at least for anyone who cares to look and knows where to look — there’s been a mystery at the heart of it all along: what the hell are they thinking?

Seriously, what the hell are they thinking?

Take any part of it. This business of herding Nawaz out of the political arena. Sure, they’ll probably succeed. It’s not like it hasn’t been done before. For every PM, there’s 20 waiting in the wings. Willing to sell their mothers if necessary.

And this time they’ve been positively spoiled for choice: Imran, Shahbaz, a no-name Sanjrani — so many different ways to go, so many desperate to be patted on the head and don the robes they’ve been taught to crave.

But ouster comes at a cost and it needs to deliver something. Whoever dreamt up this scheme, this particular way, this slow, anguished exit for Nawaz ought to be stood out in the sun until his boots melt.

There’s a shuddering dysfunction at the heart of everything political at the moment.

Controlled democracy was working just fine and the possibility of a breakthrough with India wasn’t exactly high. In any case, there’s always the, ah, fallback option if it looks like there’s a danger of peace breaking out between India and Pakistan.

But someone wasn’t able to leave good enough alone. And look at the mess it’s created.

This is not normal. We’re all slightly loopy and a little crazy even at the best of times, but there’s a shuddering dysfunction at the heart of everything political at the moment.

The only thing normal is Imran peacocking around like he’s already PM when everyone around him is still trying to piece together a winning electoral mosaic. It’s almost endearing, reassuring. Good on Imran.

But the rest is an ugly mess. Dismantling political parties is never pretty, but it’s a whole different kind of messy when the chap this is all about is running around lobbing grenades.

By now Nawaz should have been in jail. And if that wasn’t the plan, it may have to quickly become the plan. Because in this wackiest of times another wacky, improbable thing seems to be happening:

Instead of Nawaz’s verbal flame-throwing causing him to quickly self-immolate, he seems to be setting fire to hard-to-reach corners of the state. And once that erupts, it’s all bets off again.

Because if Nawaz’s perceived sins and intentions were justification enough for his slow ouster, what kind of response will his slash-and-burn approach bring? There is more menace and danger lurking than the shrill parade of clowns seems to be aware of.

God save us all.

And this muzzling business. Clamping down on speech, disappearing dissent, dragging a 21st-century electronic media back to the days of a mono state channel, behaving with the print dinosaur like it’s the 1980s again — you can see what they’re trying to do.

And you can see why it’ll fail.

Fail not in the sense of knocking out some individuals or toppling a mighty media house or two or three. And if you’re an unlucky so-and-so who’s thought to try and practise dissent, they’ll probably get a bunch of you.

But it will fail from a systemic perspective, which is the only perspective that ought to matter to those trying to fix the system a certain way.

Take this business with the book. Who cares what the book says or why it’s written. That’s not really the point. It’s an old joke among the very few readers of books in the country that if you look hard enough in the fewer still book stores left, you can usually find whatever you’re looking for.

Subversive, irreligious, scandalous — most of it is available, as long as it falls in the mainstream and is relatively well known. Not because there’s a policy of tolerance and looking-the-other-way, but because no one in a position of enforcement and policy reads books.

Theoretically, they could set up an in-house unit to read books and raid bookstores. But we can already guess that would be too much trouble and a doomed project. It’s just not in our or the system’s DNA.

But the book matters because the book was inevitable. If not this book, this author or even a book at all, someone else, some other angle or some other medium. ’Cause no one really asked for this suffocating blanket and the country is too big and diverse to be patrolled and controlled minutely by the state that does exist.

Again, if they really set their minds to it, they could develop a system for thought and people control. There are models in the region that can be emulated and friends who may be eager to help. But there’s a problem apparent: to what end?

Until it’s obvious why it’s being done — in service of totalitarianism, monarchy or outright dictatorship perhaps — it’s hard to do effectively. A vaguely defined harder nationalism or meandering, uncertain turn to the religious hard right doesn’t cut it.

So who cares what the book says or why it has been written. It’s more important as a reminder that these are old debates and unresolved issues. Muzzling the media and hacking down the more reckless and audacious among the populace won’t make the debates go away.

This is a big, messy, argumentative and, yes, diverse place. It that’s seen as a problem by the some — and the some in power — there’s the knowledge of the many that changing it will require vast coercion and great violence. Another Zia, almost certainly.

And another Zia would immediately cast it as a war for the country itself.

So, really, what the hell are they thinking?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 27th, 2018

CLARIFICATION: May 30, 2018

Following complaints by some readers and based on the recommendation of its Readers’ Editor, Dawn would like to offer a clarification for the article above.

We acknowledge that one of the phrases could be misconstrued as a personal, targeted insult.

While the intent was not to slight anyone in particular, or members of anyone’s family, any offence taken by some politicians and readers is regretted.

Dawn respects and welcomes the public’s feedback, and will continue to strive to uphold high editorial standards. ─ Editor

A changed landscape

The writer is a member of staff.

SO, that was unexpected. Or was it thoroughly predictable? Slow walk the man towards a humiliating exit, prod and poke him along the way, make clear the end is nigh — but allow him to run around the country and use his megaphone at will.

Of such miscalculations are crises made.

Take a look: For Nawaz, it’s not over till it’s over

What he’ll say next and where he’s going to take this is for Nawaz to reveal to the world. What’s clear is that he’s taken himself out of the electoral equation, jumped before a final push.

Sure, the core of Nawaz’s side of the party may yet stick with him — out of loyalty, because of an inability to find a way into the Shahbaz camp or because the PTI is already crowded at the top — and the voter-candidate combination still supporting Nawaz may win him a few seats.

But you can’t win an election while trying to lose it.

It’s obvious that Nawaz is off fighting a different fight and that makes it possible for the Shahbaz side of the party to do its own thing.

The other obvious thing is that Nawaz’s electoral self-immolation has changed the calculation for everyone else. Imran, Shahbaz, Zardari, the independents and the boys all now face a significantly altered electoral landscape.

Start with Shahbaz. This could prove a blessing in disguise. The best-case scenario for Shahbaz had long since passed: an early coronation at the hands of Nawaz and the elder brother already out there doing some serious campaigning for the younger brother.

The next-best thing for Shahbaz was Nawaz taking a backseat, allowing Shahbaz to do what needs to do and not acting as a serious drag on the party. Nawaz hasn’t quite done that, but he’s done something similar.

So violent has been Nawaz’s self-perpetrated exit from immediate electoral politics that no one, at least no voter, can seriously believe that Nawaz is fighting for seats or a seat at the parliamentary table come July.

It’s obvious that Nawaz is off fighting a different fight and that makes it possible for the Shahbaz side of the party to do its own thing. Showcase Punjab speed, talk up Shahbaz’s achievements, pitch the election as a choice between provincial governance records in Punjab, KP and Sindh.

It could work.

As long as Nawaz doesn’t deliberately undercut his brother and force Shahbaz into a situation where he has to clarify something Nawaz has said or defend it in public, Shahbaz can try and do what he has wanted to do for a while: lead the party into the election campaign proper.

More damaged appears to be Zardari. Whether as kingmaker or dark horse for king itself, Zardari’s prospects in the election depended on a crowded field in Punjab and Nawaz’s determination to disrupt the election.

With no organised opposition in Sindh and the possibility of a few pickups in Karachi, the PPP’s baseline of seats is more or less known. The key for Zardari was to recover a bit in Punjab from the demolition of 2013.

Nawaz trying to fight the boys through the ballot box and Imran struggling again to look like a winner was the PPP’s best chance at sneaking in some seats in three-way contests.

But a choice between Shahbaz and Imran in Punjab doesn’t leave the PPP with much room to elbow its way into the mix. Not many are going to choose the PPP in a governance-based contest in Punjab of all places.

And with Nawaz railing fiercely and loudly against the boys or locked up in jail to keep him quiet, the PPP can’t exactly try and gin up voter support on ideological, anti-establishment grounds. Especially if Zardari is visibly courting the boys.

Zardari will have to come up with something else and quick.

Turn to Imran. In self-immolating, Nawaz has obviously done Imran a huge favour. Even with the boys on his side, Imran’s indiscipline and lack of strategy meant it was hard to see the PTI coasting to victory.

Nawaz drawing a sharp contrast as a willing and dangerous foe of the boys would also have muddied the electoral waters for the PTI — if Nawaz had chosen to seriously fight the election.

But it’s not just that Nawaz has all but taken himself out of the electoral equation. The PML-N has only weeks to get behind Shahbaz as its leader in the short, sharp campaign ahead. And Nawaz has now made Shahbaz look like a fool, shown the PML-N to be in internal disarray and given N-League electables a legitimate reason to flee.

Meanwhile, Zardari’s equation has changed too — and in a way that could help Imran. Two-way contests against the PML-N should favour the PTI more than if PPP candidates and independents forced three- or four-way contests. That’s just election maths.

But the biggest boost for Imran may come from the biggest losers of Nawaz’s gamble: the independents. As long as Nawaz was in the mix, Shahbaz’s position uncertain, Imran’s strategy poor and Zardari’s approach a long shot, electables would have been drawn to the independent option.

Win the seat first and after the numbers in parliament are known, pick a party to join. And maybe rely on manoeuvring by the boys to win you something nice in government after you’ve done your bit and won a seat as an independent.

But now that Nawaz has exploded himself, independents have an incentive to rush and join the PTI, or maybe Shahbaz’s camp, lest they have to wait at the end of the queue after the election and miss out on a big ministry or prize in government.

The big winner this week: Imran. The big losers: independents. And two struggling in the middle: Shahbaz and Zardari.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 20th, 2018

The confusion ahead

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE’S little sympathy for the chap except for this: he’s getting it in the neck from all sides because there’s another chap who folk dare not say anything against and one who folk dare not think about saying anything against.

So forget about the buffoon in NAB.

And already forgotten is poor Ahsan Iqbal. Political violence is a familiar scar and around elections, an open wound. But violence seems to have been normalised, an accepted fact of political life. Oh, some dude tried to assassinate the interior minister? Shrug.

Read: For Nawaz, it’s not over till it’s over

Now, if someone had shot at an iqama or, better yet, an iqama had been the shooter — sweet justice and national pandemonium. Then again, poor Ahsan Iqbal is probably better off quickly forgotten. Lest someone try and finish off the job.

Can’t talk about the judge, can’t really discuss the boys and their activities — seen up close, it’s much, much worse than what is mostly whispered — and need to stay the hell away from the kooks and loons acting on divine instruction.

Which leaves the election.

And why everyone will struggle. Struggle to win outright, struggle to break opponents, struggle to cross 100 in the NA, struggle to get some kind of mandate. Because it’s mightily complicated.

It’s too early to know the exact shape the contest will take. The revolving political doors have not yet opened for candidates. The first burst of activity will be soon after parliament is dissolved, the second likely after Eid.

Early July, the field will more or less be settled.

But the general problem is already apparent. Over to Ahsan Iqbal from 2013, in part because anyone who has freshly taken a bullet deserves to be remembered a bit. The key to winning an election at the constituency level:

So, a three-digit code for the three big parties, PML-N, PPP and PTI, and the fourth option, a rabble of independents supported by the boys.

“It’s like a three-digit lock on a briefcase. One digit is the party, the other is the candidate’s personal vote bank and the third is the grouping and dharra. Only when the three are aligned does the briefcase open.

“Development can make you lose an election, if you haven’t done any, but on its own it’s not enough to ensure victory.”

So, a three-digit code for the three big parties, PML-N, PPP and PTI, and the fourth option, a rabble of independents supported by the boys. The most complicated constituencies quite obviously will be the four-way fights.

Possible for several reasons — infighting causing the usual two groups in constituencies to subdivide; the exit of a habitual winner drawing in new aspirants; an intensely politicised constituency electorate — they’re relatively rare.

Usually some kind of deal is reached and the panel — the MNA candidate plus his wings, usually two MPA seats — is adjusted to prevent everyone fighting everyone. Expenses can get out of control in multi-candidate constituencies, so they tend to work out something among themselves.

Plus, you can’t really see the PTI candidate and the boys’ independent going to toe-to-toe. A firm hand will likely be placed on the shoulder of one of the two when the time comes, a sign to stand down for the greater good.

Three-way fights are generally more common and may be even more so this time around. Three consecutive on-time elections, two full-term parliaments, the centre changing hands thrice, all major players with provincial governments.

That’s a lot of politics and a lot of time for new entrants to become legitimate contenders.

Three big candidates, three big parties, three dharras/groupings — it could give all three a sniff. The more rural the constituency, the less the party matters and the more the candidate and grouping do. The more urban the constituency, the opposite is true.

Say, they snatch away Nawaz’s winning candidates. That still leaves him with the party vote. The party vote can also be suppressed, but it would need brute force and polling-day shadiness. That could be costly in other ways.

So, run a smart campaign, combine the ouster narrative with Shahbaz’s goodwill among the people and a few extra seats could be eked out here and there by the PML-N — even after major defections.

For the PPP, a three-way fight is probably its best bet, especially in Punjab. If Zardari plays his cards right, most of the PPP candidates will be left alone and there will be minimal interference in the party’s campaign.

Last time around, Zardari’s occupancy of the presidency took him out of the campaign equation and Bilawal was kept far away from potential danger. Now, a more vigorous campaign by father and son could bring back, say, a baseline 20k PPP voters in quite a few places.

Layer on top of that candidates with constituency profiles and groupings to get out the vote, and the PPP could marginally improve on its collapse outside Sindh in 2013.

But it’s the PTI that could be the biggest winner in three-way fights. The party voter, the guy drawn to Imran’s basic message, is spread thin and wide across many constituencies. By itself, the PTI party vote won’t be enough.

But a favourable electoral landscape and the pick of candidates could hand PTI the three-digit codes it needs to unlock the electoral briefcases in constituency after constituency.

And in two-way fights, the likely scenario in a significant number of constituencies, the PTI could be stronger still if the opponent is the N-League. The rabble of independents could be used to chip away at the PML-N vote, bringing its candidates into range for a takedown by PTI.

Two-, three- or four-way contests, it will be an almighty struggle. For everyone.

May the least-worst man win.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 13th, 2018

For Nawaz, it’s not over till it’s over

LAMBASTING the ongoing accountability process against himself and his family, former prime minister and PML-N supremo Nawaz Sharif has said: “You can’t run a country if you have two or three parallel governments. This has to stop. There can only be one government: the constitutional one.”

In a wide-ranging and exclusive interview with Dawn ahead of his rally in Multan on Friday, a relaxed but adamant Sharif dismissed the recent defections from the PML-N, particularly in southern Punjab. “They didn’t leave the party, they were taken away. Who took them away?” Mr Sharif asked.

“If there really was a mahaz (front), then why did it last only two days? Who forced them to immediately join PTI?” Mr Sharif continued.

The rally in Multan was his first visit to southern Punjab’s largest city since his ouster in last July and the former prime minister was keen to steer the interview back to his politics of grievance rather than discuss regional political dynamics.

Also read: From disgrace to supreme leader

He denied that the Jhelum rally earlier in the week signalled a possible slowdown in momentum or weakening of public support for him. “Perhaps it was a smaller ground, but it was packed to capacity,” said Mr Sharif. “It is a very popular slogan,” he said of ‘mujhe kyun nikala?’ and, added with evident satisfaction, “There is a lot of appreciation, a lot of recognition for it.”

Ex-PM denies a third ouster from the premiership represents a failed approach on his part, suggests he won’t do anything differently if returned to public office

The PML-N supreme leader also deflected questions about who will lead the party in the upcoming general elections campaign and whether his brother, Shahbaz Sharif, will be the prime ministerial candidate. Instead, he offered: “There is a lot of appreciation for Shahbaz Sharif. Look around this city and see how it’s totally transformed.”

The ex-premier was more animated and expansive while discussing his own record in office from 2013 to 2017, citing familiar road and electricity projects and higher economic growth. He repeatedly rejected criticism that his government failed to implement structural reforms, whether political, legal or economic, but finally said: “When there’s destabilisation from the first year, who can do reforms?” — a reference to the joint dharna of PTI and Tahirul Qadri in 2014.

Asked what he believes is the reason for his ouster from public office, Mr Sharif did not reply directly but steered the conversation towards foreign policy and national security. “We have isolated ourselves. Despite giving sacrifices, our narrative is not being accepted. Afghanistan’s narrative is being accepted, but ours is not. We must look into it.”

He continued: “Militant organisations are active. Call them non-state actors, should we allow them to cross the border and kill 150 people in Mumbai? Explain it to me. Why can’t we complete the trial?” — a reference to the Mumbai attacks-related trials which have stalled in a Rawalpindi anti-terrorism court.

“It’s absolutely unacceptable. This is exactly what we are struggling for. President Putin has said it. President Xi has said it,” Mr Sharif said. “We could have already been at seven per cent growth (in GDP), but we are not.”

He denied that a third ouster from the premiership represented a failed approach on his part and suggested he had no regrets nor would he have to do anything differently if he returned to public office. “The Constitution has to be supreme. There is no other way. Look, we put a dictator on trial; it had never been done before,” referring to retired Gen Pervez Musharraf.

Mr Sharif also rejected speculation that he would consider a deal if offered to him, another stint in exile for avoiding a jail sentence, for example. “Why would I do it now after 66 appearances (before a NAB court)? We don’t even get an exemption,” to visit his wife, Kulsum Nawaz, who is undergoing cancer treatment in the UK. “It’s not easy to stay away.”

“Look, we have no other choice,” Mr Sharif said before leaving to address the Multan rally. “These games have gone on too long. Something has to change.”

But Mr Sharif’s sangfroid and confidence is not shared by others, including many in his party. After the completion of parliament’s term at the end of May, defections from the PML-N could accelerate, leaving him with a powerful electoral slogan, sympathetic voters, but few winning candidates and, ultimately, few seats in the next parliament.

Published in Dawn, May 12th, 2018

Who wants to be prime minister?

The writer is a member of staff.

EVERYONE. You’d think a job that comes with a mandatory ignominious exit and possibly a jail term would have few, or fewer, takers. But everyone wants to be prime minister.

Legitimate contenders though — candidates with a genuine chance the next time round, after the election in July — are just a handful.

We can stick to them.

The PML-N has three options: Nawaz, Shahbaz or someone acceptable to both. Nawaz is a non-starter. Not because he doesn’t want the job again — you just know that if he could, he would — but he’s the one the system wants out.

For Shahbaz, it’s almost now or never. Shahbaz seems to sense it too because his PR machine is swinging into gear and competition with the elder brother’s camp is intensifying.

But presenting himself as candidate for PM is a hard sell for Shahbaz because he hasn’t exactly demonstrated to the boys that he can be relied on to wrest the N-League from Nawaz.

And while Shahbaz may be willing to be a pliant PM, he first has to convince his brother to back him in the election.

Nawaz may yet do that or circumstances, like a sudden conviction in the NAB court, may force Nawaz to do that, but there’s an obvious problem: Nawaz has shown absolutely no interest in making Shahbaz PM.

If Prime Minister Zardari sounds crazy, remember that so did President Zardari not too many years ago.

Shahbaz as PM means control of the party switches and with that the future of the party will switch too. Even if Shahbaz were to promise to let Maryam have an equal shot at inheriting the party after Shahbaz has had his turn, if your name is Maryam, how believable would that be?

Shahbaz is struggling on the three fronts that matter to his elevation.

The third possibility, assuming the N-League wins or is allowed to win anywhere near the seats it needs, is the compromise candidate: one acceptable to both the brothers and the boys too.

The incumbent PM has been tipped as that dark horse. In the N-League, you’re forced to pick sides: you’re either with Nawaz or you’re with Shahbaz. Over the years only very few have managed to have a foot in both Sharif camps.

Khaqan Abbasi is one of them. Plus he’s seen as someone who can work with the boys and keep his head down. He’s insisted though that he isn’t looking to continue and that otherwise scepticism-inducing claim has been buttressed recently.

The PM’s simmering public anger at the Senate heist and now impolitic words about the upcoming election suggest he’s headed for the exits and that his star has dimmed.

Turn to the PTI. Imran looked like the real deal when he unveiled his 11 points; a proper prime minister-in-waiting. A PM for the times who sketched out a full domestic agenda while scrupulously avoiding foreign policy and national security.

But almost as quickly as Prime Minister Khan arrived, another version of himself, the PTI bridesmaid, pulled him back down. Shooting off about the boys and their alleged shenanigans in the last election is about as senseless and undisciplined as it gets.

If a reminder was needed that Imran is mercurial, cannot be trusted and is liable to clash fiercely and senselessly if he ever ascends to the office he has coveted for his entire political life, Imran served up an instant classic. All by himself and without any prompting.

We, and Imran himself, may have to wait a while longer for Prime Minister Khan to happen.

But that doesn’t entirely eliminate the PTI. You can’t see a version of events in which Imran willingly elevates someone other than himself in the party to the PM slot, but there could be a version of events where someone inside the PTI brushes Imran aside to grab the prime ministership.

After Imran, the ones in the party who make headlines are the brash electables or the raw moneyed type. But there are many with vaulting ambitions, what they believe are the right connections and maybe a willingness to plunge the knife in when the time comes.

The stars could yet align for one of them. Think SMQ or Asad Umar.

And then there’s the PPP. If the N-League is broken up, which is still the most likely option, and the PTI fails to take off, which is entirely possible, the PPP could go from kingmaker to demanding the throne itself.

In that case, don’t look past Zardari so quickly. He has already said he wants to be in the National Assembly and his appetite for the game is undiminished. If Prime Minister Zardari sounds crazy, remember that so did President Zardari not too many years ago.

And then there’s the Sanjrani option. A hung parliament, the N-League broken up, the PTI deflated, Zardari looking to make a deal, it could come down to the choice of the boys.

But perhaps less of a nobody than Sanjrani himself or Bizenjo in Balochistan because it’s harder to catapult a total nobody into the National Assembly. Maybe even someone proposed by Zardari from among the independents. You can see Zardari outmanoeuvring Imran if it comes down to it.

But because the PM wields such enormous power and the only ones who can effectively circumscribe that power are the boys and the court, Zardari or Imran could be reluctant to elevate a Sanjrani type to lord it over them.

There is though a scenario in which the right incentive could be created. After the PM is elected in August, the president’s term expires in September.

President Zardari again, anyone?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 6th, 2018

Noisy politics

The writer is a member of staff.

AND we’re off to the races. Big, controversial budget done; another disqualification and maybe a few more to come; possibly a jail sentence soon to be delivered; but it’s pretty much a clear run from here.

Election season is nearly upon us.

But first the noise from this week. From the way they howled and hollered, you’d think the opposition was desperate to get its hand on the budget. To come up with a plan, to put the country back on track. To MAKE PAKISTAN GREAT AGAIN.

Of course, it’s nothing of the sort.

Whoever’s in charge post-September will have an unpleasant, unenviable task: trying to protect growth while slowing the national haemorrhaging of dollars and putting the brakes on a fiscal deficit zooming along.

Or to put it in layman’s terms, whoever takes over after the election will be handed a bag of poo.

But the opposition knows what it’s doing. It wasn’t trying in vain to protect its chance to chart a better economic course after the election; it was doing its best to make the budget controversial — and blunt the edge the N-League has sought in the election.

If only the politicians did that one small, little thing, the courts would leave everyone alone and peace and fairies would break out.

There’s no way in hell any party is ever going to give up the opportunity to distribute freebies — or limit the pain — ahead of an election. And certainly not if you’re a beleaguered party struggling to hold on in an electoral environment that looks favourable, but a political, systemic environment that is not.

So that’s all it was — the usual suspects fighting over the usual non-solutions to some very epic problems. If there was any doubt, it was dispelled immediately after: the protagonists inside the chamber merrily posing for a group photo ahead of the dissolution of parliament.

And the judges. Oh, the judges.

A clever bit of theatre wrapped in a tale of high morality. If only — if only! — the politicians would settle their problems among themselves and not drag the courts into everything. If only the politicians did that one small, little thing, the courts would leave everyone alone and peace and fairies would break out.

Khawaja Asif’s disqualification has no systemic implications. While lawyers will do what lawyers do and argue distinctions between what’s come before and what’s been done to Asif, his disqualification has only seemingly confirmed the emerging rule: have an iqama, failed to disclose something trivial, belong to the PML-N — out you go. Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200.

Soon it’ll be uncooperative and unreasonable types from other parties.

But here’s a fanciful, fantastical thought: what if the lecture to politicians had been turned into introspection within? Yes, the Supreme Court is authoritative and a high court obliged to follow its judgements. But since we’re already so deep into the realm of legal puritanism, an opportunity beckoned.

The disqualification test laid out by the Supreme Court is new — and manifestly controversial. Why not flesh out that controversy in legal language and present an opportunity to the Supreme Court to re-clarify?

Nothing was going to change at this stage — whoever won, the other was guaranteed to appeal to the Supreme Court. It is there that Khawaja Asif’s fate will ultimately be decided.

Instead, we were only reminded that the courts are helpless in the face of politicians never learning and never sorting out their issues. Bye-bye, Khawaja Asif and the others who will follow.

It will be one helluva election.

So about that. A full term now seems certain, taking the caretaker government through June and July, with the election at the end of July, assuming the ECP uses the full complement of days available to it before holding an election.

The campaign proper is usually short and intense, squeezed into the last six weeks before the election and the real intensity showing after candidates are finalised some three weeks before polling.

This year, it’ll be tighter still: the month of fasting followed by Eid likely means a mad dash for votes immediately after, sometime in the second half of June. Peak summer, too, affecting campaigns and the N-League’s prospects if load-shedding returns with a vengeance.

It will be a silly, chaotic season. Elections always are, but this one especially so for reasons obvious. So to get a jump on the silliness in this week of noise, an early, blind prediction.

If a relatively unmolested process and open vote, the N-League will again be the largest party, though probably short of a majority. Fence-sitting and hedging for post-election scenarios will mean a significant rabble of independents. PTI and PPP to finish with fairly similar numbers, though an increase on their 2013 showing.

At that point, it could get more interesting — if that’s possible. A solid N-League electoral showing will boost Nawaz personally, but consecutive governments virtually in the grasp of the N-League would create an incentive to reduce his disruptive influence on the party.

Party versus man — the final chapter could be the most riveting yet.

But if the process is significantly manipulated and the PML-N is cracked open, the PTI will rise to the largest party, though also short of a majority. PML-N will be reduced to current PTI-type numbers; the PPP will hold steady. And a clutch of independents will be courted by all.

The Sanjrani model worked in the Senate, but it would be a coalition from hell in government. So perhaps PTI leading a coalition including everyone else in parliament, minus the PML-N and with outside support from PPP.

Now, isn’t this silliness better than pondering budget woes and disqualification criteria?

It’s off to the races.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 29th, 2018

Crisis looms in election-year budget

THE inherent controversy of an election-year budget has been turbocharged this year. Seemingly insurmountable problems on the external-account front have rendered it a question of when, not if, Pakistan will return to the IMF. A politically beleaguered PML-N has been accused of forcing through a constitutional but contentious full-year budget to boost its prospects in the upcoming general election.

Budget 2018-19: Standout features and key talking points

Meanwhile, inside the PML-N, the first budget of the post-Ishaq Dar era had necessitated a delicate balancing act: reversing some of Dar’s signature policies without repudiating the former finance minister, who had exercised vast power on behalf of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif.

But as Miftah Ismail, sworn in as finance minister earlier in the day, rose to deliver the budget speech, the opposition erupted in noisy protest against him. While Ismail’s appointment is constitutional, it is unprecedented and, in the presence of a minister of state for finance who is a member of the National Assembly, was unnecessary, according to the opposition. Inside parliament, the newfound convergence of political interests between the PPP and PTI was once again on display as MNAs from both parties rose in protest.

Speaking exclusively to Dawn after the budget speech, Finance Minister Ismail explained the decision thus: “Last night, it was discussed with the prime minister whether to suspend the rules or to go the ministerial route. It was decided that suspension of rules was not the right thing, hence this decision.”

While the elevation of Ismail is destined to be historical footnote, the budget he presented is not. Immediately pilloried by both the opposition and financial experts, the budget has been attacked for having failed to thread the needle between the extreme pressure on the balance of payments and political demands for handouts ahead of the general election.

“They know they don’t have to implement this budget and are probably sure they are not coming back,” said Naveed Qamar, former PPP finance minister and veteran party leader. “Everyone got a lollipop. Look, in a low-tax-to-GDP economy, you have to be careful that tax breaks in one area are compensated for in another area. They’ve done nothing of the sort and have tied the hands of the next government. It won’t be easy to reverse the handouts.”

Waqar Masood, former secretary finance under Ishaq Dar and a critic of the government presenting a full-year budget, was unhappy: “This is a complete abandonment of fiscal principles. The FBR will be very worried. We worked hard to raise taxes on bonus shares and dividends besides other things and they have just thrown it all away. It’s not in line with the imperatives of the economic situation.”

But Finance Minister Ismail insisted his budget is based on conservative, and therefore realistic, projections. “We have only estimated FBR revenues to go up by 11 per cent, which is less than the nominal growth of GDP. Unlike in the past where salary and pension increases were not accounted for in the budget, I have estimated all the increases and have included them in the budget. Our total expenditure will go down as percentage of GDP from 21.5 to 21.2,” the minister claimed.

He continued: “After the recent devaluation and export package, our exports have started to go up at a pretty good clip. In March, our exports were up by 24 per cent and imports up by only six per cent. We think such a trend will take care of the current account deficit.”

But speaking on background to avoid antagonising Dar and embarrassing Sharif, several PML-N leaders blamed the party’s predicament in the latest budget on Dar’s policies. “Personally, I agree the budget is reckless. Could have been far better,” a senior PML-N leader said. “We ended up here because of Ishaq Dar’s policy of not devaluing the rupee. The exports have started picking up, but will take time before the balance-of-payments position becomes stable.”

With no major financial shock anticipated during the caretaker government’s time at the helm, a financial reckoning may come towards the end of the calendar year if the budget projections prove off target or the haemorrhaging in the external account is not slowed or reversed.

“There are no good options for any government,” Naveed Qamar said. “Unless there’s a sudden newfound external donor, maybe the Chinese or Saudi, there’s not much anyone can do,” Qamar added, suggesting that a return to the IMF is inevitable.

Masood, the retired bureaucrat, was also pessimistic: “The IMF will likely demand a deficit in the range of 4-4.5 per cent (of GDP). The government has already projected to overshoot that. An adjustment later will require extreme belt-tightening.”

But Ismail is adamant that his budget numbers and projections will hold. “I feel strongly that the budget is sustainable and no mini budget will be needed.”

In a few months, soon after what is expected to be a bruising general election, the country will know if Ismail or his critics are right.

Published in Dawn, April 28th, 2018

A sweeping agenda

The writer is a member of staff.

TRY and put the pieces together. It’s not the easiest — partly because we don’t have all the pieces yet and partly because the last pieces may not have been shaped yet.

But a picture sure is emerging.

It ain’t pretty. This isn’t about Nawaz. Not solely about him anyway, and maybe not even particularly about him. This isn’t about the election. Or not just the next election.

Something bigger is unfolding.

Let’s assume they win. The boys get their way and their allies — in the court, in the state, in the political class, in the media, in business and society, and on the far right — position themselves in support of the boys.

Great. It’s their field, they’re in charge now. Everything won’t be hunky-dory because we’ve already been told that Pakistan has powerful enemies waging sophisticated warfare against this state and its people.

So forget the idyll and utopia.

This is about keeping Pakistan: first, safe; second, strong; third, prosperous; and maybe — maybe — eventually all three at the same time. Safety comes first because if you’re not safe, you don’t exist.

Fine. So how do they intend to achieve all of that?

Pick a different combination of events, choose another set of circumstances. The outcome is always the same.

Between the now old news of the missing bloggers and the new stuff with the media, between Afghanistan and India, the railroading of Nawaz and mainstreaming, Faizabad and the suppression of Pakhtun dissent, there’s more a less a picture emergent.

The Nawaz stuff tells us this isn’t about corruption.

If it were about corruption, all they’d have to do is pick up three of Nawaz’s accountants and two of his lawyers, take them all to a safe house, hand them a pen each, place a stack of blank paper in front of them — and wait for the evidence to flow.

That, of course, never happens.

Instead, we have the silliness of an iqama and a few London apartments bought for a pittance in the early to mid-’90s. The Nawaz stuff is about creating pliant efficiency: finding civilians who’ll manage the state’s finances, grow the economy and support a predetermined national security and foreign policy.

Put like that, it sounds great. Parsed even a bit, it’s more than a little stupid.

Pliant efficiency is an unbridgeable contradiction. It’s easy enough to find pliant politicians. But if heads-down, no-questions-asked subservience is your ticket to power, what’s your incentive to govern efficiently?

Efficiency is hard, very hard. It’s beyond most politicians anyway and if most of your time is taken up in affirming and reaffirming your pliancy, that doesn’t leave much time for learning or enforcing efficiency.

Efficiency, of course, can be found among technocrats. But by definition, efficient technocrats are smarter than the boys — else the boys would do the job themselves.

Trouble is, if you’re smarter than the boss and know you can never become the boss — there is no lateral entry in the mil and the whole point is to increase control, not outsource it — that usually sets you on the path to becoming a crook. Crooks are not efficient.

Pliant efficiency is a fool’s dream.

Turn to Afghanistan. It’s still the same: strategic depth, that most unfortunate of misleading labels. Strategic depth is fairly simple: denial of space, primarily, to India in Afghanistan because greater Indian influence in Afghanistan means more trouble for Pakistan.

The instrument is also the same: leveraging Pakistani influence in Afghanistan via the Pakhtuns, ie the Taliban — either through a permanent war or a major slice of power after a political settlement.

But for all the talk of Afghan-led and Afghan-owned and intra-Afghan peace and the like, the problem is that Pakistan’s strategy in Afghanistan is fundamentally not about Afghanistan, it’s about India.

Good luck carving stability from that.

And India itself? The implications of the Pakistani approach are: normalisation isn’t likely, peace a chimera.

But neither can India and Pakistan leave each other alone because of that small problem of a common border running the length of this country, nor will India and Pakistan leave each other alone because of that other small problem called Kashmir.

A we-don’t-want-war policy can only translate into a badly managed non-peace.

And then there’s the domestic stuff. Mainstreaming militants, suppressing non-militant dissent, muzzling the media and handing a megaphone to the far right — it’s all of a piece.

Fine. Eliminate the left, mobilise the right, further re-engineer society. The purpose, presumably, is to maintain internal predominance while aligning politics and society with the external — Afghanistan and India — policies.

The problem is, that configuration forecloses the prosperity goal. CPEC is not oil; Pakistan can’t very well emulate, say, the Saudi model of religion, authoritarianism and wealth.

If prosperity is foreclosed, that leaves finding strength and security from among a massively expanding, relatively unskilled, low-productivity populace with religiosity rampant.

So, like Al Qaeda presaged Islamic State, the TTP may just prove to be a precursor to something worse. That means forever wars at home, sometimes in Fata, other times in Balochistan, always in some province and city or the other.

Always fighting to be safe, never stable enough to become strong — that’s goals one and two evaporating right there.

Pick a different combination of events, choose another set of circumstances. The outcome is always the same: macho, fantastical policy colliding with reality and resulting in failure for all.

Well, maybe not failure for the boys and their allies — in the court, in the state, in the political class, in the media, in big business and society, and on the far right.

But what a colossal waste of time for everyone else.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 22nd, 2018

From fake to real

The writer is a member of staff.

THE lie at the heart of the quest to oust Nawaz from politics was that there was a crisis. That without getting ridding of Nawaz the crisis would metastasise and swallow the rest of us.

There was no crisis.

Sure, could Pakistan have been doing better? Yes. Was the economy being managed well? No. Were the civilians doing their bit on the security side? Not really. Was governance great? Nope. Was there vision or a plan? Nothing beyond motorways and megawatts.

From here, anything is possible and anyone can be a target. And it’s not clear how the weapon of choice can be wrested away from the judiciary now.

That’s not exactly a crisis though.

But now we do have a crisis. In trying to oust Nawaz to save the country from a fake crisis, a real crisis has been created. And for two reasons.

One, the distortions created in the system to try and oust Nawaz have systemic implications. The barrage of judicial verdicts against Nawaz has destabilised the system. Not because the verdicts have targeted Nawaz, but because of the way in which they have.

The NAB route — putting Nawaz on trial, convicting him and using that conviction to oust him from politics — would have still had significant political repercussions, but the systemic implications would have been fewer.

You can’t very well use the facts and assets used to convict Nawaz to convict a bunch of other politicians and oust them from politics. You’d need person-specific facts and assets to oust others.

But to get Nawaz in the way he has been trapped, the system itself has been prised open.

From here, anything is possible and anyone can be a target. And it’s not clear how the weapon of choice can be wrested away from the judiciary now.

Amend the Constitution and get rid of or water down Article 62 (1)(f), folk will suggest. But who’s to say that the court won’t strike down the amendment as unconstitutional?

Before the judicialisation of politics came the judicialisation of the Constitution — the judiciary has already declared that it has the power to review constitutional amendments.

Now that the court has unsheathed the sword of 62 (1)(f), why would the court allow the politicians to take the sword away? There are no easy answers.

There is though serious trouble evident.

The other reason that we’re in the midst of a bona fide crisis is what Nawaz has done in response to his ouster. He didn’t storm the courts. He didn’t mobilise parliament against the judiciary. He didn’t rage against the boys.

He went to the people.

And the people have come to him. Not to get too carried away with that — Nawaz is no revolutionary and no one is preparing to storm the Bastille — but what Nawaz has done is significant.

There are a couple of scenarios. The people that Nawaz has brought out to his rallies could be irritated by the heavy-handedness of the boys and the court and are making their displeasure known.

Or they’re basically saying what was apparent at the outset: there was no crisis. That they were happy enough with the job Nawaz was doing and would like to see him get back to the business of running the country.

Or it could be a combination of both. Whatever the reason, it has certainly been unexpected — and that has created a problem. Because now it has to be put back in the bottle.

But how?

Manipulating the election would be one way. But suppressing the N-League’s seat count would take some doing. And Nawaz could just merrily extend his rally schedule, turning the rallies into a protest against a rigged election.

The era of dharnas with the boys’ fingerprints all over them has obscured the possibility of political protest organised without the sanction and direction of the boys.

There is also the small business of the Punjab government. Blocking the N-League in the NA is relatively — enormously — easier than shutting the party out at the provincial level.

Whatever’s left of the N-League at that stage would have a serious incentive to ramp up its politics of protest. It won’t be easy to put back in the bottle.

The other option, of course, is to send Nawaz to jail. That would at least bring an end to the big rallies, but then you’re stuck with the biggest political player in the land sitting in jail.

That’s not exactly a recipe for stability.

That’s the twin, real crisis right there: radically changing the rules of the political game and creating a modicum of public resistance.

From here, the civil-military and political-judicial frameworks will have to be reworked. How and when is unclear, but the disequilibriums will have to be corrected a bit.

A system that kills its biggest political player and does so in a way that makes others vulnerable to similar political execution and triggers some public resistance is a system that isn’t quite sustainable.

As soon as 58 (2)(b) was created, it was obvious that 58 (2)(b) would have to be abolished. Now, as 62 (1)(f) has been weaponised, it is obvious that 62 (1)(f) will eventually have to go or be watered down.

And there lies the truly curious part.

A fake crisis was created to justify the exit of Nawaz. Fair enough — that’s just how the system operates.

But the fake crisis has morphed into a real crisis in which ultimately the mil side of civ-mil and the judicial side of political-judicial may have to make concessions.

Was getting Nawaz worth opening the door ever so slightly to a rebalancing of civ-mil and political-judicial? Or did the boys and the court just get it wrong?

Maybe they just didn’t know what they were doing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 15th, 2018

Analysis: What next for Nawaz Sharif?

NAWAZ Sharif

IN the near-term, the judgement changes little or nothing for Nawaz Sharif.

If the National Assembly completes its term on May 31, as seems likely, the next general election will be scheduled for late July. Sharif was disqualified last July and there was no chance that his disqualification would be for a year or less.

Indeed, the most generous argument before the Supreme Court for the application of Article 62(1)(f) to less than a lifetime was for a five-year disqualification.

What the judgement has done, however, is re-focus political debate on Sharif: what is his end goal and where is the strategy to achieve it?

To outsiders, neither seems apparent.

In the longer term, the judgement is certainly a blow to the political future of Sharif. Between his disqualification last July and a declaration that disqualification under Article 62(1) is for a lifetime, the current and several future chief justices of Pakistan have declared Sharif to be ineligible for electoral politics. This before a NAB court has concluded the trial of Sharif and his family.

“Oh, it’s over for him. He does not think he will be PM again,” said Hamid Mir, when asked if Sharif intends to force his way back into front-line, electoral politics.

Shafqat Mahmood of the PTI had a similar view: “This is now a past and closed transaction. You can’t have an NRO with the judiciary.”

The PTI MNA continued: “The real consideration is Maryam, his legacy and the properties abroad,” suggesting that changes in UK law may make it possible for Pakistan to try and claw back assets located abroad if an NAB conviction follows.

Among PML-N hawks, the view is predictably different. “I thought it’s apparent,” said a senior PML-N leader when asked what Sharif’s legal-political strategy is. “The strategy is simple: we have legal and political recourse. Will continue to reach out to the people with our narrative. If there’s a free and fair electoral process, people of Pakistan will overwhelmingly vote for PML-N. If that happens, the parliament can take decisions whatever it decides.”

The senior PML-N leader, among others in the PML-N, spoke on the condition of anonymity because of concerns about contempt of court charges in the current political environment.

Each suggested that just as a politicised process case against Nawaz has unfolded in the courts, when Sharif’s and the PML-N’s political fortunes change, court declarations may be reversed.

Suhail Warraich, an expert on Punjab politics, concurred: “He (Nawaz) is gaining time just to see changes in judiciary and military or some international upheaval.”

The implication being that while Sharif does not see an immediate path back to electoral politics, he is focused on the longer term, where national or geopolitical changes could be more favourable to Sharif.

A picture being circulated by the PML-N reinforces that view. The picture is of the front page of Jang newspaper on July 23, 2000. The headline screams: ‘14 years prison, 2 crore rupees fine, 21 years disqualification’ for Sharif in the so-called helicopter case.

Yet, even as Sharif continues to barnstorm the country to significant political success, gathering major crowds across Punjab and, notably, in Peshawar, the legal vice in which he is caught has undeniably tightened. A lifetime disqualification by the Supreme Court means no further participation in electoral politics.

If Sharif had hoped to sit out the next parliamentary term, just as he did between 2008 and 2013, and return to politics in 2023, that door too has now been closed.

Meanwhile, if the PML-N’s aim is to win a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly with the support of allies to change the Constitution, a two-thirds majority in the Senate — required to amend the Constitution — is virtually insurmountable after the recent debacle in the Senate.

Outside Sharif’s core circle, then, the relentless legal pressure on Sharif combined with Sharif’s relentless campaigning has only one logical answer: Sharif is fighting for the political future of his daughter and his own political legacy.

“Disqualification does not mean he has to leave politics altogether,” said Hamid Mir. “If he (Nawaz) can’t be prime minister again, then doesn’t mean it’s completely over. There’s still Maryam and who knows what the future may bring.”

There may though be one clear, skin-in-the-game measure in the days ahead of which way Sharif’s political fate has tilted after yesterday’s Supreme Court judgment: defections from the PML-N. With only weeks until a caretaker government assumes charge, the pressure on candidates to declare affiliations and pick sides ahead of the general election will be intense.

That, then, could be Sharif’s first order of business after yesterday’s judgment: convincing his own party that standing by him is in their and the party’s interest.

After yesterday, the task may have become just a little bit harder.

Published in Dawn, April 14th, 2018

Amnesty mystery

The writer is a member of staff.

PRETEND you don’t know anything. Nothing at all about this kind of stuff. Which shouldn’t be too hard: tax amnesties and the like are for the ultra-rich.

For the 99pc, it’s all gobbledygook and baffling.

There are only two questions: why would the government offer such a scheme now; and who will be willing to bite?

Amnesty beneficiaries need to have some confidence that they aren’t walking into a trap, either deliberate or inadvertent.

Both questions sit at the intersection of politics and the economy, so the answers could be dramatically simple — to help their corrupt buddies! — or fairly complex — changes in the systems for managing money and assets parked around the globe.

But the answers to the questions must follow logic and incentives, which helpfully can be traced by anyone.

There’s an automatic hit to the government’s reputation in concocting amnesty schemes, so there must be something the N-League hopes to gain from the scheme that more than compensates for the reputational and political hit.

As for those who bite, anyone who takes up the government’s amnesty offer, there must be a cost they are looking to avoid that is greater than the hit they could take when declaring such assets here.

Declaring assets — availing the amnesty — means the public will know who the beneficiaries are and the state will know what they’re worth. That’s risky stuff in a place like Pakistan, so there’s got to be something worse than declaration that beneficiaries will be looking to avoid.

So what could the incentives and costs be?

Start with the government. The best-case scenario is that the N-League’s finance team actually believes the amnesty could net a great deal of money. That is unlikely, but there could be a couple of reasons informing that thinking.

For money parked abroad, the global financial regime has grown and will continue to grow tighter and more restrictive.

That means where it was once relatively easy to buy an expensive apartment or villa in Dubai or park money in an account somewhere in the Middle East or Europe, now it’s not that easy at all.

As anti-terrorism-finance and anti-money-laundering rules are tightened globally, rich Pakistanis may be anxious to bring money home before it is frozen or seized abroad.

Locally, the big-three sectors to pour money made in the undocumented or black sectors of the economy have traditionally been real estate, the stock market and foreign currency.

With the foreign-currency route squeezed by the government’s control of the dollar and the stock market having to clean up its act a bit, that’s left real estate. But the raft of changes the N-League has proposed also take aim at the local property market.

So rich Pakistanis with undeclared money and assets inside Pakistan could calculate that it’s better to whiten their wealth and take advantage of investment opportunities in the formal, documented sector.

That’s the best-case scenario: fear of losing their money abroad or concern about fewer investment avenues for undeclared money inside Pakistan may cause a bunch of people to avail the amnesty scheme.

That though is also a bit of the unholy scenario. The government needs money and the economy could do with repatriation of wealth, so an amnesty could make sense.

But if the government knows that there is a squeeze on money parked abroad and is moving to limit investment avenues for black/undocumented money at home, then it must also anticipate healthy demand for the amnesty offer.

So why not squeeze the hell out of the amnesty-seekers?

Surely, between losing a hundred per cent of your money in a tightening net abroad and paying a paltry two or five per cent to bring it back to Pakistan, there can be a higher percentage the government can extract.

But it’s not. Which is the simple answer: the amnesty is to help out some special friends or family in trouble. Straightforward and unholy corruption.

There’s the flipside, though. You’re a potential beneficiary of the amnesty. The incentive to participate exists, but that’s not enough: you need certainty that the scheme will stick, that it won’t be rescinded.

That once you’ve declared your wealth, whether by bringing it home from abroad or switching from the local informal and black sectors to the formal sector, you’re not going to get trapped.

That someone won’t run to the Supreme Court and get the amnesty scheme invalidated retroactively or that the next government won’t set investigators after you if you whiten your assets now.

Amnesty beneficiaries need to have some confidence that they aren’t walking into a trap, either deliberate or inadvertent.

If the government was serious about the amnesty, there was a way to promote confidence in the scheme: present a draft bill with all the details, have the federal cabinet approve it and ask the Supreme Court its opinion whether the bill is legal and constitutional.

The N-League has done none of that.

In the current political climate, who’s to bet against a court striking down the amnesty as manifest corruption? As a potential amnesty-seeker, would you be willing to take that risk?

That, yes, the government has set up a sweetheart deal for you, but it can be snatched away and you could be exposed to God-knows-what civil and criminal liability if the court decides to wade in in populist mode.

The ordinary amnesty-seeker will surely be skittish and the super-connected amnesty-seeker has serious reason to worry.

So what the hell is going on?

Either the system is more rigged than outsiders can comprehend or smart people attempt stupid things when in government.

Neither is very encouraging. Especially for the 99pc who know nothing of such gobbledygook and baffling stuff.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 8th, 2018

Tweaking the system

The writer is a member of staff.

UP, down, up, down, round and round the merry-go-round — on and on it grinds. At least once upon a time, the problem was known and the solution apparent.

This time, whatever this is and wherever it ends, it’s already obvious some things will need to be changed around. The system will have to be rejigged a bit.

But where? And how?

When it was the troika, 58(2)b had to be got rid of — simple. It was eventually got rid of and a problem was solved: the civilian presidency ceased to be a source of constitutional instability.

Sure, the preferred method for removing a PM has moved on to 62/63, but that’s a different kind of problem: 58(2)b got rid of entire parliaments and forced fresh elections; 62/63 sends home one chap.

It matters more when that chap is Nawaz, the actual source of power in his eponymously named party, than a Gilani or Raja Pervez, selected for the job by a party boss, but it’s still a different problem.

And maybe not a problem rooted in direct constitutional imbalances.

The system will have to be rejigged if it is to deliver anything more than bare continuity, if that.

If the civilians fix the honest and trustworthy stuff, adjust 62(1)f and clean up a bunch of the other clauses, that would still leave a trial-court conviction as an ouster route — like what Nawaz is likely facing in the NAB court.

To block that route, the PM would have to get immunity from prosecution while in office, along the lines of what the president has, but that would be massively controversial and an endless rabbit hole.

History suggests that when the system wants its man, the system gets its man.

The cost to the democratic system of granting sweeping immunity to the PM could be higher than the cost of losing a PM every little while in an era of continuity.

But there are also over-corrections that can be found in attempting to fix the problems of the past; over-corrections that now are threatening to create massive distortions of their own. And some may be easier to fix than others.

Take this business of a crusading court.

Right at the top, a balance of sorts was originally struck: mandatory retirement versus job security. If you’re a politician, you’re terrified of a judge for life — imagine what he could do at the very top if he never has to go home.

Recent examples are sufficient to gauge the disruptive possibilities.

But if you’re a judge, the last thing you want is a politician who controls your fate. So a system of automatic elevation to the top job was enforced: the senior-most justice becomes CJP.

The balance between mandatory retirement and automatic elevation creates enough regular turnover to, theoretically, help mitigate the disruption that any given judge can cause.

But that balance, never very reliable to begin with, is significantly out of whack now.

And what, really, can be done?

The card the politicians had has already been played once. It makes sense to give parliament a role in the appointment of superior court judges. They tried it in the 18th and it was a fairly reasonable effort:

Loosen the dominance of the CJP in the appointment process and give a joint parliamentary committee a role in the selection.

But while a reasonable effort, the timing was wrong and the consequences disastrous. Iftikhar Chaudhry was presiding in Courtroom No 1 and he, slayer of Musharraf, wasn’t going to let a few politicians reduce his power.

The new judges appointment process in the 18th was thundered against and parliament bullied into transferring to the CJP virtually all power in the superior judiciary appointment process.

It was a disaster because to overrule parliament, the court had to suggest it believed it has the power to judge the constitutionality of constitutional amendments — effectively, a judicial veto.

That belief was eventually and spectacularly confirmed with military courts and the 21st Amendment. So even if the politicians try again to shape the future of the court by amending the appointment process, they probably won’t get very far.

The other route, reducing the court’s powers, is also now a non-starter. Stripping the court of its suo motu powers or attempting to constitutionally narrow its scope could quickly be struck down by the court.

So, make it easier for the Supreme Judicial Council to act? That would be playing with fire. Create a constitutional court? That’s the nuclear option — and could draw a nuclear response.

At least once upon a time, the problem was known and the solution apparent.

Now it’ll probably require a bunch of small tweaks across the board.

The Senate? Ugly as the chairman vote was, it’s not a pivotal post. The bigger problem apparent is in the election of the senators themselves. So maybe it’s time to switch to direct elections or ditch the secret ballot.

This recurring nightmare with the PM? Maybe it’s time to go back to term limits and switch parliament to a four-year term. A maximum of two terms and the Nawaz problem of sticking around forever would disappear.

And if a four-year parliamentary term, by last July, the country would have been heading into a general election instead of a fifth parliamentary year and agonising uncertainty.

The system will have to be rejigged if it is to deliver anything more than bare continuity, if that.

So as the up, down, up, down, round and round the merry-go-round goes on, it could be time to think about the things that may have to be changed around.

And how.

Happy Easter.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 1st, 2018

Re-centralisation

The writer is a member of staff.

THE danger is greater when the goal is bigger, the aim wider. And the goal just became a whole lot bigger. It started with Nawaz, but now it’s out there — the boys want more.

A whole lot more.

Chicken or egg — did the get-Nawaz plan spawn greater dreams or was get-Nawaz just the first stage of an already greater dream? — doesn’t really matter when both chicken and egg are being hunted.

From Panama to the 18th Amendment — you can’t make this stuff up. Then again, maybe it does make a kind of sense. If you’re going to go all this way to oust the biggest player in politics, you may as well pick up a few other gains.

Constitutional stuff is hard to decipher and it becomes all the more complicated when both sides lie. Or at least hide why they want what they want.

But why the 18th?

Constitutional stuff is hard to decipher and it becomes all the more complicated when both sides lie. Or at least hide why they want what they want.

The 18th is vast: more than a third of the Constitution amended; 17 federal ministries and divisions abolished; the concurrent list abolished; more than 61,000 federal employees made redundant and transferred; trillions of rupees at stake; and on and on.

The 18th was massive and complex in every way, but its animating spirit was a simple one: decentralisation.

And it was there that it was botched.

Forget the boys for a minute. A general wants centralisation like a politician wants votes and there’s nothing anyone can do to change that. It is what it is.

But the story of decentralisation via the 18th is also the story of why it attracts righteous anger, and why it remains weak and vulnerable to anti-democratic assault.

The 18th was mostly good law done in a horrible way. And some important parts of the 18th, like abolishing the concurrent list, had little to do with better governance or the interests of the people.

The worst thing about the 18th was procedural. It was debated and created in total secrecy by a small parliamentary committee headed by Raza Rabbani.

If you can’t remember any public debate or parliamentary scrutiny, that’s because there was none. The 26-member committee went clause by clause through the Constitution to decide what had to be changed and the party bosses outside the committee had the final say.

It was profoundly undemocratic, but the patina of parliamentary consensus and the need for a democratic win at the time meant everyone looked the other way. But the demands of secrecy and urgency had an impact.

Urgency meant the implementation phase was never taken seriously. A toothless implementation committee was created and its work wrapped up in a year.

Chucking to the provinces a whole array of new responsibilities without preparing the provinces for those new responsibilities had a predictable effect:

The better-resourced, relatively better-governed province, like Punjab, performed better than the under-resourced, underprepared province — pick whichever province, according to your political preference.

Secrecy, meanwhile, meant the 18th was stuffed with things that did not have much to do with the acceptable aim of decentralisation.

The concurrent list, for example, was abolished. It basically was 47 subjects where if federal and provincial legislation clashed, the federal legislation would hold sway.

Seemingly technical, the issue came to life when it was realised that abolishing the concurrent list could mean five different criminal law codes, criminal procedures and evidence laws in the country — the four provinces and Islamabad.

Or five different medical licensing boards. Or five different higher education standards. Or five different environmental regimes.

Some of it was rescued by making special provisions or tossing the issue into the Council of Common Interests. But most of the distortions were retained.

The historical detour is necessary because it peels back other — and if you’re one of the boys, less salutary — motives behind the Amendment.

The 18th has many undeniably democracy-enhancing aspects, but it was also rooted in the fear of a big centre.

For all politicians, a big centre means fear of what the boys can do. And for the smaller provinces, a big centre means fear of what Punjab can do.

Maybe some of the politicians involved in the 18th were looking to which services are best delivered by which tier of the state, federal, provincial or local, but most of them saw the 18th as a hedge against a dominant centre — which attracts martial law or Punjab’s heavy hand.

And if that’s your goal, what’s the best way to do it?

Starve the federal beast, by diverting as much money as possible away from the centre, and chop of its limbs, by transferring to the provinces as many responsibilities and duties as possible.

The passage of time has tested in the real world the degree of the politicians’ actual democratic commitment under the guise of the 18th Amendment. It has not been pretty.

Devolution — local governments — has been forced by the Supreme Court. Once the politicians had consolidated power in the provinces, where political parties are best organised and most powerful, they lost interest in the democratising goal.

Local governments created only reluctantly because of Supreme Court pressure are dysfunctional in all the provinces.

And the massive devolution of power to the provinces under the 18th is mostly underutilised. Sindh has done reasonably on provincial tax collection, Punjab maybe in lower education and KP in a smattering of legislative areas.

But the overall record is poor.

The boys have their reasons to attack the 18th. But it’s the politicians that have left it weak and vulnerable.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 25th, 2018

Project Post-Democracy

The writer is a member of staff.

AFTER Nawaz, what? Nawaz and Maryam are busy arguing — the deluge. They would. But if you’re neither of them, it’s a real question. Maybe the only question.

After Nawaz, what do the boys have in mind?

The question of how is increasingly uninteresting. Maybe interesting in a gosh-didn’t-see that-coming way, but the trajectory is obvious: Nawaz is going down.

He may put up a fight, he may put up an almighty fight, he may increase the cost of trying to shut him out, but he’s fooling no one. The system wants him out.

And the system gets its man.

Maybe it’s just that the bigger they are, the less willing they are to share credit.

The mystery of why the system wants Nawaz out — as most have noticed, it’s not like Nawaz was threatening to get away or actually getting away with anything — makes it all the more likely Nawaz is politically a dead man walking.

It can only be hatred. And hatred is a hard thing to reverse.

So, forget Nawaz. After Nawaz, what?

The good thing about the boys is that they’re not particularly inventive. Or maybe because there’s been so many iterations of this, the manipulated exit, the template is more or less fixed.

Admittedly, there have already been significant surprises along the way. It still does not make sense why the court has chosen the sequence it has.

Hold off on an immediate ouster, toss Panama and related paraphernalia into an accountability court, get a conviction there and — gone, finished. Khatam.

Or let the appeal linger and finish him off in campaign season proper, if Nawaz still hasn’t got the message by then. But the court chose to hang it on a wretched iqama.

Maybe it’s just that the bigger they are, the less willing they are to share credit, the spotlight, whatever. To hell with credibility when there’s glory to be had.

And the coup in Balochistan to the silly exercise of a manipulated Senate election to the even sillier exercise of a manipulated Senate chairmanship election suggests a mind at work that has read too many bad spy novels.

Like the intricacy of the hunt is more fun than the kill itself. Maybe it is.

But after Nawaz, what?

There’s really only — touch wood — two options.

The first is to replicate the current political landscape, minus actual politics.

There it is: one centre, four different provincial set-ups.

It’s held up for a full parliamentary term and the messy period before, so replicating a mess shouldn’t be all that difficult. Or at least not impossible.

There’s plenty of experience already — recent, ongoing experience. The audaciousness of a takeover at the centre has obscured that funny business has been the norm for much of the country for years now.

Balochistan fell early this century and the vice is still tight.

Clumsy to some, masterstroke to others, it is what it is: deep, deep political and electoral knowledge. All the more potent because political parties have more or less been kept at arm’s length from the region.

Fata never was in the political ambit to begin with, but its distance from politics proper has grown. A necessary war and unnecessary clumsiness by the civilians has put Fata deeper than ever into the other column.

Karachi was the next to fall. The Musharraf era is what originally set up Karachi for a fall. Turning the city completely over to the MQM was always going to draw pushback from everyone else —– once pushback became feasible.

Musharraf’s ouster made pushback feasible and soon enough it was open season. The starving and fattened alike fought for their share and what they thought was their right.

The Karachi operation became inevitable.

And Karachi opened the door to Sindh. A door that Zardari has struggled to keep merely ajar, not flung wide open. Sometimes Zardari is up, other times he’s down, but the ingress is real.

Then Zarb-i-Azb opened the door to Punjab. It helped that the reason was genuine. After pacifying all of Fata, operating in all seven agencies, the fight had to turn to counterterrorism.

Counterterrorism primarily meant Punjab, the last great untouched bastion. The Sharifs have resisted and somewhat succeeded, but there’s an inexorableness to it.

In any case, Punjab is home to the other project: figuring out what to do with the other cohort, the ones drawing international ire and who are to be mainstreamed. In many ways, Punjab is already home turf.

And, finally, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The people helpfully turned to the PTI the last time round, but KP is also from where Fata is managed and next door to Afghanistan. It’s an old stamping ground.

That’s the replication option right there: different set-ups for the different regions. Messy and complicated, but that has not been a disqualifying factor so far.

Plus there’s the recently accumulated experience of managing stuff everywhere.

The other option is the old one: re-centralisation.

It would explain the Senate stuff. Like Nawaz needs the Senate to fight his way back in, the boys need the Senate to rearrange some constitutional furniture.

A post-politics, post-big party, Senate and NA is a version of something old, something new. If party-less elections aren’t an option for the democratic veneer, then party-based-minus-defiant-party-leaders elections it has to be.

The advantage: it’s less messy; the disadvantage: concentrated power rankles and draws challenge.

If you were one of the boys, you’d choose the first option: messy, but diffuse — it really divides and conquers.

Luckily for the rest of us, the boys can be their own worst enemy. Prepare for the second option.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 18th, 2018

Senate shenanigans

The writer is a member of staff.

ANOTHER dispiriting week. The scramble isn’t a problem, especially since it has turned into a melee. But the reasons animating the scramble and perpetuating it are hardly edifying.

What’s at stake in the Senate?

It’s not as complicated as it seems, or shouldn’t have been. The PML-N is well ahead of the rest, though well short of a majority. That has been carved into stone since 2013.

The assemblies are fixed, in a static sense, and the maths isn’t all that complicated. Minus the class of 2012, elected by the 2008 assemblies, and double the class of 2015, elected by the 2013 assemblies.

Nawaz doesn’t really seem to have much of an idea what to do with the strong numbers in the Senate, how to translate it into political advantage.

For the N-League, that meant a net gain of roughly nine, carrying the party to the mid-30s. The ambush in Balochistan shaved off a few seats and the collapse of MQM in Sindh gave the PPP what the PML-N could have negotiated with.

But nothing fundamental had changed. Except for one thing.

Absent that one thing, the outcome was preordained. The N-League and its allies would have enough votes to elect whoever Nawaz picked as Senate chairman. Even now they’ve got the votes.

The whip is less of a problem in the Senate too. There’re fewer Senators — 104 to the National Assembly’s 342 and the mammoth 371 in Punjab — and a whole lot of them are not constituency politicians, who can be harder to corral.

The absence of a single-party majority was always going to make things more colourful, but it didn’t have to be this wretched. And it’s been wretched for a simple reason.

The system wants Nawaz out.

The only thing that changed between the 2015 Senate election and the 2018 Senate election is that. All of this, all the running around and pow-wowing and press conferencing and statement issuing, has been just to try and deny Nawaz his choice of Senate chairman.

And for what?

That’s where it gets really unedifying. Power seeks power. And politicians with power seek to either hang on to it or get more of it. An election means a winner and toys to be distributed.

The biggest toy available right now is Senate chairman.

All of which is fine. If anyone thinks that the other institutions don’t squabble or contend over their toys, they may want to look again.

Among the boys, the end of Musharraf, Kayani and Raheel gave us a peek into internal, institutional impatience with a chap who stuck around too long, another who grabbed an extension for himself and a third who tried and failed.

Go, go, go — your time is up. Loyalty to the institution does not mean the negation of personal ambition and no rivalry with your peers.

Same thing with the judges. Chief Justice of Pakistan is an automatic, seniority-based selection and elevation to the Supreme Court is on a relatively fixed pattern.

But anyone who is anyone and those who aspire to be become someone in legal circles keep track of retirements and elevations. Hop on the carousel at just the right moment and you may get to the Supreme Court and become CJP one day.

And why not? Create a crown and you’ll automatically get contenders.

Same with the Senate. Senate chairman is up for grabs and everyone wants to see if they have a chance. But this time around everyone felt they had a chance because the top dog is in trouble.

That’s what all the wacky combinations and unlikely meetings have been about. Behind the scenes, it’s been even worse.

It’s also reconfirmed the worst tendencies of all the big players.

Nawaz tends to get in his own way, makes things tougher than they have to be. Zardari is clearly in no mood to repeat that cooperation that got the Senate chairman elected in 2015.

Partly because there’s a general election imminent and partly because the boys have deepened their involvement in Karachi and Sindh.

PML-N plus National Party, PkMAP and JUI-F amount to a near majority in the Senate. A handful of independents are not impossible to win over.

The N-League had an opportunity to project strength and confidence, a nice little fillip going into the campaign season proper. All the better given the forces arrayed against the party.

Instead, floating silly ideas and holding anxious meetings is what Nawaz has done. A strong position has been made to look weaker than it is.

Worse, Nawaz doesn’t really seem to have much of an idea what to do with the strong numbers in the Senate, how to translate it into political advantage. Rare is the consistent winner who can be so politically clumsy.

But Nawaz is just that.

Zardari too couldn’t help himself. Nawaz reaching out was a moment to negotiate something for Team Zardari. But his irritation at still living in the shadow of BB and determination to purge the party of everyone who was allied with her got the better of him.

Zardari likes politics too much to step away from it, that’s obvious enough. But his obsession with dominating the PPP, remaking the party in the likeness of himself, gets in the way of what’s probably good for the PPP.

Self before party is not unusual nor new. But the mask slipping was not what Zardari needed right now. Ego got in the way.

And then there’s Imran.

His path to power is a right-wing alliance with the help of the boys. But it also needs discipline and focus. So, another week, another round of Imran seemingly capable of going off in any direction only to end up with no direction.

It’s been another dispiriting week.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 11th, 2018

Tumultuous continuity

The writer is a member of staff.

SO, the democratic project stumbles on, the Senate election reaffirming most of the questions and answering few. Now, it’s on to the big show, the general.

When it happens, how it happens, if it happens.

The build-up to the general election will be wild and woolly and wacky and, probably, maddening. There are no better angels here, no statesmen, neither grace nor vision.

Either they’re all nuts or the rest of us are all nuts for seeing what we’re seeing and being baffled by it.

Just small men fighting over a big prize.

That would be messy enough. But there’s a very Pakistani complication apparent. To apply the obscure to the very real, very confusing political mess we’re in, have a look at the five small men we have fighting over the big prize.

It’s really three individuals, Nawaz, Imran and Zardari, and two actors, the boys and the court. All of them want power, some already have it — some more than others — some are striving for it and some are just struggling to hang on.

From the outside, it’s apparent all have and are making significant errors. Why would Zardari preside over the collapse of the PPP outside its base in Sindh? What the hell is wrong with Imran?

How the heck does Nawaz think he’s going to win this fight? Why is the court imperilling its credibility? Why didn’t the boys figure out how to get rid of Nawaz before trying to get rid of him?

It’s nuts. Either they’re all nuts or the rest of us are all nuts for seeing what we’re seeing and being baffled by it. Or it could be both; a national malaise, the Pakistani condition.

Keep scratching away though and you’ll start to find that each of the five are doing things based on their misperceptions of the others and perceptions of themselves.

Start with the boys. They want Nawaz out. And the strategy so far has been to progressively squeeze him, not an outright decapitation. Harry and harass, thwart and block, irritate and provoke.

Steer Nawaz towards the exit, take him to the threshold and, once it becomes obvious he has no other option, let him take the final step himself, turning his back on politics for good. It’s a seemingly sensible strategy, except for a foundational assumption.

Can — will — Nawaz walk away from it all?

The belief that he will is rooted in the belief that ultimately it is not politics that drives politicians. That all politicians are dilettantes or interlopers. That they’re in it for the money or the lifestyle. That there’s no hill they’re willing to die on.

That Nawaz can be chased off.

Because the boys can’t be disabused of their belief of what all politicians are ultimately all about, they couldn’t flip the question around.

Can Nawaz afford to walk away from it all?

If you believe this is your life’s work, that the political empire you’ve built is your legacy, that becoming the greatest political leader in generations from Punjab is your identity, then how do you walk away from it all?

It’s not a noble thing, it’s a possession thing.

But just because Nawaz can’t walk away, doesn’t mean he knows what he’s doing. From the outside, it’s apparent that the legal vice he’s in is near inescapable to escape from. But you can see what Nawaz is thinking:

The legal vice isn’t about the law, it’s about politics.

So if the legal vice can be applied by implausible judgements the legal vice can also be reversed by implausible judgements. It’s all politics, after all.

It may be Nawaz’s biggest mistake so far.

But what the heck is up with Imran? He almost seems to want to make things more difficult for himself. Just a few sensible moves, a bit of application and he’d be the favourite by now.

Except he’s clearly not.

Not only does he not appear to have a winning political strategy, it’s not clear he’s interested in one. Wanting to win in politics without a political strategy is crazy — crazy even by the standards of politics here.

Or, if you’re Imran, it’s belief.

Belief that the prime ministership is his destiny. And the damn problem is you can see why he may believe that. Dragging a party of one to the party that can be number one is fairy dust, a story of near magic.

If you’re Imran, why would you change now?

The PPP implosion under Zardari? Corrupt, incompetent, stubborn — or maybe, in his mind, crazy like a fox.

An eminently more plausible lesson from the history of politics here is that the boys will not be defeated, not that they eventually can.

If you’re Zardari and you believe that, it’s more irrational to try and keep the PPP alive nationally than to retreat to the base in Sindh, where no organised political opposition exists.

Crazy, corrupt or incompetent to you and me, to himself Zardari is the master survivor who understands the system and the percentages.

Finally, the court. Fear of the gavel means it’s the hardest — harder than the boys even — to talk about it openly.

Suffice to say, Nawaz may be making one, very big mistake. Where he sees an alliance between the court and the boys, it may be more an alignment of interests — for separate institutional reasons.

In squeezing Nawaz, the court may anger the N-League base and that anger may carry the party to an electoral victory. But the PML-N base is 15 million voters; the country is 200.

The legal vice Nawaz is in may not reverse itself even if Nawaz wins his war with the boys.

Onwards, to tumultuous continuity.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 4th, 2018

A double squeeze

The writer is a member of staff.

NAWAZ got squeezed — again — domestically, the boys got squeezed internationally and between those two confusing, seemingly unconnected things:

Did FATF just save democracy in Pakistan?

Let’s start with the Nawaz stuff. For better or worse, no one has to pretend any longer that the specific chain of events is predictable or that it does not primarily have something to do with the boys.

Because to argue either of that would imply someone could have predicted an on-time Senate election minus PML-N candidates. The timing has been slick, the execution so precise that you almost have to marvel at it.

First came the Balochistan ruse. Easy enough to explain, small enough to disregard, the coup-inside-the-assembly lulled folk into thinking the danger had been absorbed, a bullet dodged.

Phew. So that’s what they had in mind. OK, let’s get on with the business of the rest of the elections. It drew the PML-N into its next mistake: nominating halfway decent, relatively senatorial candidates.

The boys haven’t ventured down this path, walked us all this way, only to let Nawaz win the next election and saunter back into power.

If the N-League had a clue what was coming next, they would have gone with Gullu Butt-types as candidates. Y’know, the kind who would go to the mattresses for the Sharifs.

But the PML-N made its move, nominated mostly goody-goody types, the nomination process closed, the ball left the N-League’s court and, bam!

Suddenly, Nawaz is no longer N-League president and, suddenly, the N-League doesn’t have any Senate candidates. The whiplash-inducing turnaround has also forced a marvellous inversion.

If the N-League cancels the Senate election in Punjab or tries to delay the overall Senate election by fighting it out in the courts, it will be the N-League that is fighting democratic continuity.

And if the N-League elects its own candidates as independents, the N-League will have to wait and see which side of the aisle the incoming senators choose.

You almost have to marvel at it.

But it still doesn’t make the ultimate problem go away.

Predicting the specific chain of events may no longer be possible — predicting an on-time Senate election minus N-League candidates would have been beyond magic, it would have been sorcery — but the final impasse is the same.

The boys haven’t ventured down this path, walked us all this way, only to let Nawaz win the next election and saunter back into power. But Nawaz hasn’t come all this way, put up mystifying defiance and arrived at the threshold of a common-sense defying fourth win, just to chuck it all away.

You don’t have to be a Senate candidate to know a collision is inevitable. If the boys won’t back down and Nawaz can’t back down — that leaves just one option:

The C-word.

Which brings us to this FATF business. Forget the specifics of what it entails and when and how. The experts may eventually tell us or, more likely, events will.

But already it is apparent that FATF is happening because of the US, more specifically the Trump administration. Committed to a military strategy in Afghanistan and determined to raise the cost on Pakistan for defiance, the Trump approach comes down to asking:

What are the Haqqanis worth to you, Pakistan? What is the LeT worth to you? What is Jaish worth to you?

The answer to those questions is unknown to you and me and everyone else. Other than you-know-who, of course.

But for democratic purposes, it may be enough to know that the questions are being asked. Because the Trump administration is trying to get at the boys to force them to answer those questions.

You can see where this is going.

If in the domestic arena the boys won’t back down and Nawaz can’t back down, leaving only the C-option — the external dimension means the Trump administration would jump all over the C-option if it is activated.

FATF as a demonstration of the inventiveness and eagerness of the US can only mean a coup in Pakistan would give the US a straight run at Pakistan. It would strip away the pretence and it could strip away the hesitation and the need to carefully ratchet up pressure on Pakistan.

So, did FATF just save democracy in Pakistan?

There lies the illusion democratic types can be misled by.

The convoluted, theoretical version is the enemy’s enemy is a friend. That somehow a beneficial alliance can be cobbled together. The more pedestrian, realistic explanation is the desperation of the weak: the boys under serious external pressure may open up political space domestically for the civilians.

But for all the wailing and hysteria when the US turns the screws, there is another side. Sure, the US is definitely probing and pushing and raising the costs on Pakistan. The US wants to know what the Haqqanis, LeT and Jaish are worth to us.

But there are two other questions; questions few want to admit that Pakistan — the boys, essentially — has been asking of the US. The questions:

What is Afghanistan worth to you, America? And what is your relationship with us — Pakistan, a nuclear state — worth to you?

The answers to those questions have never been good. At least not good in a democracy-chasing sense that our major political parties, right and left, have desperately wanted the answers to be.

FATF has signalled inventiveness and fresh determination by the US against the boys. But in a way it has also signalled more of the same, rustling around for pinpricks and warnings.

Democracy is, and will remain, a domestic struggle. A Pakistani struggle.

Prepare to be squeezed harder.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 25th, 2018

The zero man

The writer is a member of staff.

ALLOW yourself a little irritation. Forget hate or love for a minute. Whether you love him or hate him or will vote for him to the end of eternity or never in a million years, forget that.

Allow yourself to be a little irritated with Imran.

Because, by God, is he annoying. The Lodhran loss could be a blip or it could be confirmation of what many have long suspected — that Imran can’t win, doesn’t know how to win.

That’s fine.

Many have lusted after power, few have achieved it. Imran has over-promised and under-delivered for so long now that a definitive defeat the next time round wouldn’t be such a big deal.

At this point, Imran winning may be the bigger surprise.

But even in defeat, an impact can be had. So you don’t get to be in government or parliament in large numbers, but there’s still a chance to shape the governance agenda or the national discourse.

Kinda like the PPP did with the south-Punjab-province gamble. Knowing it was heading for a walloping in the last election, the PPP tried the ethnic card: vote for us and we’ll give you your own province.

There’s nothing really — nothing new, significant or potentially lasting — that Imran has added to politics here.

It was all kinds of stupid. Two Punjab provinces would have doubled Punjab’s share in the Senate and representation in the CCI, ECP, NFC and sundry federal bodies. It would have given Punjab two high courts, possibly funnelling more Punjab judges to the Supreme Court.

If the smaller provinces think they have a bad deal of it right now, two Punjab provinces would have been a whole other headache.

But the PPP was desperate, the Seraiki vote was its only chance in Punjab and an election had to be fought.

It did cause a change of sorts, though. Alarmed by the possibility of their prized possession being split and concerned that the separatist genie may be difficult to put back in the bottle, the PML-N began to take south Punjab seriously.

A decent electoral haul from south Punjab followed and the past four years have been spent pouring money into the region. South Punjab isn’t and will never be Lahore, but the political distance between Lahore and south Punjab has shrunk.

The heavy turnout in the by-election was a clue as is the problem of having too many winners in the PML-N camp. Having too many winners in the same constituency fighting for the same ticket can be a problem, but it’s a better problem than having no winners.

Point being, the PPP’s desperation forced the PML-N to respond to the ethnic card by doing more of the stuff the N-League is handy at, like pouring cement and tar and sprucing up infrastructure and handing out stuff.

So back to Imran. Imagine he disappears and the PTI implodes. Poof, gone, suddenly, all of it. What would the contribution left behind be, to national politics, to what other parties do, to how the system behaves?

That’s what’s so irritating about Imran.

You can’t think of anything.

It’s all the more frustrating because of how far he’s come. From a party of one he’s dragged the PTI all the way to becoming the second largest party in the country. Even now, he’s still got a realistic shot at power in a few months.

But there’s nothing. Nothing durable that the PTI has contributed, by design or accident, to the national game. PTI groupies harp on about the anti-corruption stuff, but it’s mostly more of the same.

Sure, Imran has made anti-corruption his signature message, but by narrowly focusing on Nawaz, and occasionally Zardari, he hasn’t moved the needle on systemic corruption. ‘My opponent is corrupt’ isn’t exactly a novel political message.

PTI haters will flag the coarsening of political rhetoric that the PTI has effected. It’s true that Imran has been crude and the PTI got a jump on the social-media game with a mocking, ugly tone.

But tales of what BB suffered at the hands of the IJI and the PML-N before the Sharifs became holier-than-thou are hardly forgotten. And the universality of social-media ugliness suggests it’s less the PTI and more the medium that has unleashed wretchedness globally.

Up and down and through the PTI agenda you can sift and search and there’s nothing really — nothing new, significant or potentially lasting — that Imran has added to politics here.

There’s nothing even that Imran has forced the PML-N to change tack on.

Unless Nawaz barnstorming the country like Imran is considered a change. Given the success Nawaz seems to be having with it, if you were the PTI you’d probably rather that Nawaz hadn’t taken to matching jalsa for jalsa.

Electoral reforms were the great possibility — and the catalyst was definitely Imran’s campaign to delegitimise the results of the last election. But once it became clear that the PML-N wasn’t about to be ousted, Imran lost interest in electoral reforms.

In the end, the electoral reforms package was overshadowed by the Nawaz-as-party-president clause and the repulsive character who arrived in Faizabad.

So vote for PTI or don’t vote for PTI, love Imran or hate Imran. But also allow yourself a little irritation.

Because for all the noise Imran has made, for all the votes he’s won, for all the disruption he’s caused, he’s managed to achieve virtually nothing.

He doesn’t seem to know how to win nor has he forced, directly or indirectly, deliberately or unwittingly, positive change in anyone else or the system itself.

It’s annoying, irritating and exhausting.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 18th, 2018

Mardan vs Faizabad

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE were several contenders, but the worst of 2017 came down to a choice between two: Faizabad and the lynching.

A shot to the face and a stab in the heart, Faizabad and the lynching were different paths to the ugliest of same futures.

And yet the lynching felt worse.

By killing the brightest in their midst, the killers were telling all of us what kind of future they want for this place.

Faizabad — Faizabad could be explained as part of the same. Clownish government, an engineered crisis, political opportunism, machinations by the boys, a crazed mullah with a mob to mobilise.

Depressing, shocking and all of that, yes.

But, really, just another political government finding itself under pressure from just another combination of the far right and the boys for just another bunch of stupid, self- and society-defeating reasons.

If the Barelvi angle was new-ish in Faizabad, you almost had to wonder what took them so long. And almost immediately after you were reminded why.

Putting that lot together is like holding a sackful of cats; everyone’s going to get scratched.

In the end, Faizabad was public confirmation of a truth long suspected. That the political future of the country lies somewhere where it has in the past, on the spectrum of the right.

Just how far to the right will depend on circumstance and the ability of the centre right to resist. But if the specifics are unknown, the contours can already be discerned.

The lynching was different.

Not because it was a lynching — we’ve had them before and will have them again. Not because it was a university — you don’t have to wander in a university campus to figure out that danger lurks.

And not because it was young people — if you can train a kid to be a suicide bomber and blow stuff up, what’s a few blows to a body pounced on by dozens.

But because of all of that.

It was a young man deliberately killed by other young men after being deliberately instigated by yet more young men. There was pride in their work; it was as if they were performing for the cameras.

By killing the brightest in their midst, the killers were telling all of us what kind of future they want for this place.

They weren’t trying to install a government of their choice or protesting the dropping of 7B and 7C or whatever. They weren’t interested in a six-point, bulleted document of surrender.

Such pitiable concerns are for the pitiful. The lynch mob was saying, what it wanted, what it decided was right, it would do, it would deliver.

There was no need to wait around for weaselly politicians and a conniving state to offer what the mob could snatch for itself. If the mob led, the rest would follow.

Between the wretchedness in Faizabad and the awfulness in Mardan, a similar dismal future awaits. But each has different implications for how fast we get there and what fresh horrors may be unleashed on the way.

The Faizabad lot were in a way weak in comparison. All the silliness of nightly speeches and tying up traffic and making demands and engaging in back-and-forths with the government.

Needing and wanting the intervention of the boys. Signing documents and slinking off with envelopes stuffed with cash. Acting like a victory had been won in an intolerable system.

You get the feeling had the roles been reversed, very different outcomes may have occurred. Reverse roles, send the Mardan lot to Faizabad and the difference would have been clear.

They wouldn’t pull back from parliament like the PTI and co did all those years ago. They would have burned the building to the ground and tossed a minister or two in the flames.

You don’t need the law of man when you have the divine on your side. One-page surrender documents and deals are for wusses.

And were the Faizabad lot transplanted to Mardan, you can guess a slightly different outcome there too. The boy would be in jail and his tormentors gloating about the great victory they would have won.

But maybe years later, after the rage du jour is located elsewhere, a court of law would have quietly declared him innocent and allowed him to slip away into asylum.

We’re in a dark and terrible place when we’re left to parse whether Faizabad or Mardan was worse.

But one was worse and we’re now seeing how.

Theological divisions have kept apart who can join which of the two shows. The Faizabad lot and the Mardan mob can never unite all parts of the spectrum on the right.

But as the days and weeks have flowed, the Faizabad lot have seen a drop off in relevance and support. It may flare up again and be encouraged to do so, but the heady days of last November are already gone.

The answer to the question whether a grand unified front can be fashioned out of Faizabad has already been answered. It can’t. Not in a durable sense, anyway.

But Mardan still has the power to draw. The victim has been memorialised and celebrated on the left — always useful for the far right to organise against.

The trials will lead to appeals — allowing the minting of fresh martyrs and periodic denunciations of an infidel state and its society. The dozens who have been freed are conquering heroes who can be trotted around.

Faizabad was about the abstract, in Mardan there are flesh and blood heroes to be venerated and a dead boy to condemn.

The lynching was the worst of 2017. Twenty eighteen is reminding us why.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 11th, 2018

More trouble

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S our version of the gang that couldn’t shoot straight. Part circular firing squad, part regular firing squad, and part wedding video of aerial firing that sends guests and gunmen alike scrambling.

Welcome to 2018.

Possibly, arguably, already worse than 2017. Because with the latest act to join the national circus, we have a full programme. Part tragedy, mostly comedy, it’s wholly unpredictable. At least when it comes to guessing what may come next.

By jumping the gun and firing off in all directions, the timeline for judicial controversy has been brought forward. The steady hand has given way to mercurialness.

Politeness — and fear of the gavel — will cause most to either look away or pretend to examine the weeds and draw out nuance and theory. It’s apparent there is none.

Because this is a war the judiciary can’t win.

The populist, people-oriented aspect we can set aside. If the court wants to probe the lurid and the tawdry to protect us all, go right ahead. If it wants to throw crumbs at the poor and the desperate, why the hell not.

It’s not like we were on the verge of great reform.

Two military-court constitutional amendments in two-and-a-quarter years settled that debate. There has not and won’t be anything that cuts closer to the heart of judicial power. Because the first and last rule of institutional relevance is to protect institutional turf.

It’s what caused the power of antiterrorism courts to be watered down all those years ago and what has left the FSC in limbo. A pyramid can only have one tip. And that has to be the SC.

Even, funnily enough, in times of dictatorship. Because the court has positioned itself as the only institution that can deliver legitimacy in the first instance. Ever wonder why a newly installed dictator has not tried a different path?

Say, by holding a rigged referendum in the first 90 days of taking over — eminently possible — or throwing together a council of elders to bestow legitimacy?

The dictator can’t because the court has positioned itself — not individual justices who constitute the court, but the institution itself — as the only place where legitimacy can be sought and granted.

It’s why military rule is synonymous with PCO.

Judicial reform, or the distant dream of judicial reform, died when the court validated the military-court constitutional amendments because it reinforced the status quo. What the boys want, the boys get — as long as they’re polite enough to allow the court to give its imprimatur.

So let the court have its say and fun in a broken system where there’s largesse to be bestowed and public approval to be won. We weren’t exactly on the verge of great judicial reform anyway.

The problem is in the political realm.

There’s already a bit of queue and you can bet that there’ll be others lining up soon enough. Because what greater honour than to have a chance to please the boss and show your loyalty by lining up to be locked up for contempt.

One down, two to go. And then another and another. It is, after all, an election year.

If you’re Nawaz, you may even encourage it. The more it looks like the court has a problem with him, the less legitimate his judicial woes will seem. And that’s an edge he needs in a season of electoral gridlock and uncertainty.

Short of a direct takeover, the only other realistic possibility of keeping Nawaz shut out of the system was a solidly reasoned, good-precedent-setting judgement. That didn’t happen — not because Nawaz says it didn’t happen, but because everyone can see it didn’t happen.

But fate and the sequence of judicial elevation may have created the tiniest of openings for a third possibility. Of the five who disqualified Nawaz, number one and number two in seniority are slotted to become the next CJP, and after a gap of one, the CJP after.

All of that, though, would only kick in after an election and after parliament has had a few months to settle in and bargain over the constitutional fate of Nawaz.

A smoother, less controversial path to nailing the door shut on Nawaz’s return to electoral politics would be for someone other than the original five to reach the same conclusion — and to do it in a more measured tone.

Instead, by jumping the gun and firing off in all directions, the timeline for judicial controversy has been brought forward. The steady hand has given way to mercurialness.

And mercurial justice is the best friend of the politician in trouble seeking electoral redemption.

From here, every little bit will add to the story of political victimhood. If the judge vows that the door has been slammed shut on dictatorship, it only serves to remind everyone of the possibility of dictatorship.

If the judge avers that justice will be done in every instance, it only serves to remind everyone that maybe justice hasn’t been done in a certain instance.

If the judge starts locking up people for contempt, it may grow the queue — or, dangerously, encourage Nawaz to jump to the front of the queue. A bad idea doesn’t turn good by doing more of it.

This is a war the judiciary can’t win.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 4th, 2018

The outrage machine

The writer is a member of staff.

AMONG psychopaths, outrage and clowns the rest of us appear to have been condemned to live. And only the woolliest of optimists can believe it’s about to get better.

Because it’s not.

The outrage machine is on fire and in overdrive. And the problem is everyone’s a part of it. Even when they think they are not. Especially when they think they are not.

The rage, the outrage, really kicked in and was sustained with that photo. The girl in the photo looks like she could be from anyone’s home — your home.

Look away now if squeamish or disinclined to hear more terrible stuff in the midst of already numbing tragedy and despicableness and opportunism.

All the details in the Kasur abhorrence contributed to the national revulsion.

It was a little girl — society reacts viscerally to crimes against children, especially little girls. It was where she was found and the numbing image that rocketed around the country.

Is that — is that a tiny body, a little girl, tossed into the garbage and lying on a pile of rubble? The stomach churns every time.

It was what appeared to have been done to her. And it was the troubling memory of something vaguely similar having floated out, miasma-like, from Kasur in the recent past.

But it was also that image of her alive.

The picture that has become grimly iconic. The one of her in a brightly coloured sweater with a pink jacket on top. A picture of a confident young girl looking calmly into the camera.

The winter sun bounces of her brown hair. Her light complexion radiates health, her cheeks are full and her mouth maybe on the verge of a smile. Her eyes are clear and bright.

You can almost hear a million grandmothers say Mashallah as they first see that picture and mothers and fathers everywhere nod in approval.

Because she looks like she could be their daughter.

The rage, the outrage, really kicked in and was sustained with that photo. The girl in the photo looks like she could be from anyone’s home — your home.

Not a wretched Afghan child we’re used to seeing in bazaars and at traffic stops. Not one of the countless kids of countless maids who have marched in and out of your home over the years.

Not some child brought up in urban squalor or in rural misery. Not some child of another faith or coming from the lowest stratas with dirty or dangerous jobs.

In the pink-jacket photo — of a confident, healthy, cheerful girl with light hair and light eyes and light skin — she looks like a girl who could be sleeping in your child’s bed.

And if you can understand that, that that single, grimly iconic photo helped build and sustain the rage and why it did, you may realise the next miserable, horrifying steps of the outrage machine were inevitable.

We will never know if she was going to be the last victim or not. Perhaps without the public rage, the police would have finally done their job. We can only know that the suspect has now been caught.

But the rage — total rage — once activated was only going to go in ever more dangerous, more unhinged directions. APS brought hangings back. So this time it had to be a hanging plus.

Hang him in the street outside her home. Hang him in a public square. The biggest one you can find. Hang him in a stadium. The biggest one you can find. Build a new stadium if there isn’t one big enough.

Squeamishness prevents from really guessing where the rage could go next.

Islamic State has demonstrated some of the more unhinged methods in recent years. Or maybe some of the standard methods borrowed from friendly, like-minded states. Maybe an Afghan Taliban-type hybrid violence.

But the only thing the rage won’t do is go away.

The outrage machine is here to stay because everyone is a part of it. In some way or the other. At some point or the other. Whether we want to admit it or not. Even, depressingly, in the little girl’s case.

So the grotesque direction the outrage machine took after a suspect was arrested and his identity revealed shocked, but it should not have surprised.

Take insidious propaganda behind the scenes, add a clown on TV, throw in a political government to attack, and the outrage machine is reloaded and turned around and ready to go in an instant.

Those gasping for sense may have wanted the court to handle the issue more responsibly, but that’s just clutching at straws. The outrage machine has already savaged the court, causing it to lurch in one direction and then the next.

Who, really, has both the power to stand up to the outrage machine and possibly a prayer of getting it to amp down? One does comes to mind, but the silence from that quarters has been deafening.

Then again, if you really think about it, if you were in his boots, better to let the outrage machine consume others than to suddenly find it firing back at you.

So on and on it will go.

Everyone, absolutely everyone, climbed aboard the outrage machine because she was revealed to be a girl who could have been anyone’s daughter. Once the machine was firing on all cylinders, some have been shocked at the bloodlust it has revealed.

And now a few are shaking their heads at the inevitable politicisation of it all.

But outrage machine is here to stay. Because at some point or the other, we’ve all been a part of it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 28th, 2018

Hung parliament

The writer is a member of staff.

WHAT happens if none of them can form a government? Not a majority government, not a coalition government, not even a minority government — just no government at all.

In a house of 342, what if nothing adds up to 172 — not even just to elect a PM and let us all be done with the hell that the run-up to the election has become.

It’s a question that’s been buried in the regionalisation and fracturing of the electorate over the past decade or two.

There are regional — provincial — templates. In Balochistan and KP, minority governments and an array of nobodies have been cobbled together at various points to put up a chief minister and a wobbly government.

Never say never in an engineered outcome, but it would still be a slog for the PTI to get that far.

Once upon a time in Punjab, a handful of votes were used to grab the chief minister’s slot. But it’s not clear that any of that could work in the centre.

In the tawdriness and ridiculousness and whining that politics here has been reduced to and reduced itself to, we may well be stumbling towards finding out what happens when no one can form a government.

Sift through the possibilities.

Nawaz could win again, but to actually win he needs to win big in Punjab. While fighting with the boys and the courts. It’s a kind of win already that he’s not considered the underdog.

But parliamentary maths is of the hard kind.

It would be a Miracle on Constitution Avenue if Nawaz were to carry the N-League to a parliamentary majority. And then immediately we’d be caught in the wretchedness of trying to figure out how long the boys would tolerate the situation.

Or Imran and the ultra right could crawl to a coalition majority. But that would be very messy and a whole lot of iffy.

The most likely immediate electoral utility of the mainstreamed types and ultra-right options is to hold other parties back, not actually pick up a bunch of seats for themselves.

Realistically, a PTI-right-wing coalition would need to be somewhere in the region of an 80-20 split. Can the PTI really surge to 80 per cent of the way to a majority in the NA?

Never say never in an engineered outcome, but it would still be a slog for the PTI to get that far.

There is another possibility for the PTI: the existing religious parties combined with electoral chaff from Balochistan and Sindh plus the new ultra right. Throw in some version of the MQM.

That would probably reduce the coalition share the PTI would need to govern credibly to roughly 50pc, but at that point there’d be so many different moving parts that stability would be hard to fashion.

Even with the most determined of support from the boys.

Finally, there’s the PPP hanging on to its dominant position in rural Sindh and using that base to become a junior coalition with the largest party, probably the N-League. But for the same reason an IK-Zardari alliance would be inherently unstable, a Nawaz-Zardari coalition would challenge political logic.

A splintered parliament could also theoretically produce an alliance of inconvenience — N-League, PPP, JUI-F, MQM, etc — each having a different reason for seeking democratic continuity. But you’d be crazy to put any money on that particular configuration surviving long.

Which leaves us with a final possibility: what if none of them can get to 172?

It’s not hard to see how that could happen. The N-League already needs to win big to win and any N-League seat suppression by the boys could push it well below the 100-seat threshold.

And the gross incompetence of the PTI, on display once again this week, means that even significant electoral massaging by the boys to help out the PTI could also leave it well short of the 100-seat threshold.

Throw those two things together, toss in a few other reasonable possibilities, and we could end up somewhere we’ve never been before: a parliament with no government.

And that may end up opening the door to the ultimate dream: pausing the system.

No government after an election technically means a fresh election. There’s not much constitutional confusion in that.

But no government after an election would land us in a different political environment. Back-to-back elections tend to sap the electorate’s energy and make alternatives more palatable.

Alternatives like pausing the system.

Dusting off the rule book and finding out what it says about a hung parliament and the timing of the next election would create space for a counter argument:

The system is hopelessly gridlocked; the interim set-up has performed well; let’s not be in a hurry and get into the same mess all over again. What’s the hurry, everyone?

It isn’t terribly difficult to imagine what an agreeable judgement, once the inevitable challenge is filed in court, would look like.

And at that point, a fractured, regionalised electorate could even become the final helpful piece — because more straightforward results in the provincial assemblies would allow them to carry on.

There’s no constitutional requirement that provincial assemblies have to be in sync with the National Assembly or even that one assembly held in abeyance would effect the existence of the other assemblies.

Preposterous, you’re thinking.

Maybe. But that is the point. Gridlock, deadlock, systemic uncertainty — even from that can be fashioned the desired outcome.

Heads, the boys win; tails, the politicians lose. It’s the only thing that never seems to change.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 21st, 2018

The right moment

The writer is a member of staff.

IF you think you’re crazy and imagining things, you’re not. A moment of stability quickly yields to instability and confusion and the threat of chaos.

But there’s a pattern all right.

Nawaz and Maryam go quiet, the system goes quiet. Nawaz and Maryam switch the megaphone back on, the system roars back.

This time it may be for good.

The inimitable and excellent Sohail Warraich has described it as a desi-style tug of war between Team Democracy and Team You-Know-Who. He’s declared it the Beginning of the End.

Warraich is worth listening to carefully because he’s got it right pretty much every step of the way over the last year or so.

When more naïve types, including one here, thought the court couldn’t possibly oust Nawaz on the weight of a flimsy JIT, Warraich had already penned The Party is Over.

The fresh logic may be irresistible.

It starts with the Senate elections, but it isn’t really about the Senate. Even before the Balochistan machinations, the PML-N was only poised to gain a handful of seats in the Senate.

The people can’t be trusted to deliver the right result and massaging the process takes a bunch of doing.

Sure, the N-League will still grow to be the largest party in the Senate and with allies may grab a majority, but there’s no discernible legislative agenda that needs thwarting.

As for the reverse — the boys and their allies needing something done legislatively which Nawaz may be tempted to block — remember this:

Of the five constitutional amendments in this era of democracy, three have been pushed from outside parliament. Military courts twice by the boys; judicial selection once by the court.

But imminent democratic collapse is still possible.

Just as nothing Nawaz had actually done or threatened to get away with in the future made it absolutely necessary to oust him and yet he was chucked out about anyway, forget about the specific things the Senate election implies.

Think instead of it as a moment.

A moment to set right much that is wrong with the democratic project at a time of great danger to Pakistan from external enemies. Fail now and it could be irreversible disaster.

Twenty eighteen is unique because the electoral stars aligned to put the Senate and then all the other assemblies into play. It is also the opening act in a potentially long external struggle.

Trump and Modi combining to hurt us means a united national leadership is needed to navigate the threat, protect CPEC and pivot towards new friends and allies.

It’s not very bright or sophisticated, but then it never is.

So, go for the kill now rather than get into an extended mess from which it may be hard for the boys to extricate Pakistan, themselves or anyone else they may want to save.

Basically, hold your nose and get over with the unpleasant stuff because delay may escalate the cost of intervention.

Work through the options.

If the N-League gets to the Senate elections, it could dissolve the National Assembly the next day and trigger a general election. If that happens, it would be much harder to stop an election and the assemblies from reconvening.

The problem with a general election is it’s unpredictable.

The people can’t be trusted to deliver the right result and massaging the process takes a bunch of doing. Roll the dice and Nawaz may win. And if he wins, you can’t trust him to abide by anything he may promise before.

Like letting Shahbaz become PM and run the show.

The other possibility is Imran and the PTI get their act together and win a bunch of seats by themselves. But the problem with that is the first bit: Imran and PTI getting their act together.

And even if they do, they can’t be trusted to win themselves a majority.

That would mean a whole lot of massaging and a bunch of mainstreaming. All well within the realm of possibility, but still a messy affair.

Plus, what would that really achieve? Nawaz would be shut out, Shahbaz stuck in limbo and Imran could be PM — but it doesn’t amount to all that many years.

And even if that scenario manages to get to 2023, you’d need a bunch of new faces then. Age isn’t favouring any of the current options. So why give them the chance to select their own successors.

Pause the system now and a total reboot may be possible.

A clean start. New faces, leaders for the future, shined up, polished and presented for public approval. And in the meanwhile, set a bunch of apolitical experts — code for amenable to the boys and sceptical of democracy — to fix the rot and prepare us for greatness.

You can see why the dream never dies.

It may also explain the tug of war. One week up, the other week down; back and forth, tugging and tearing and pulling at each other.

Because the cost keeps rising. To pause the system is to shut out everyone. And everyone doesn’t like being shut out, especially with hungry-for-office types like Shahbaz and Imran prowling around.

The next-best option is to play the Imran and ultra-right card. But Imran is Imran and can’t seem to concentrate. And to prop him up with the necessary ultra-right support makes it messier still.

The worst option is to let the chips fall where they may, risk an election that gives Nawaz his greatest victory ever and have to deal with him all over again.

The Beginning of the End may be upon us. If you think you’re crazy and imagining things, you’re not.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 14th, 2018

The Haqqani dilemma

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, at least we’ve got round to admitting the obvious. The implication of telling the Americans that they have given us a pittance is that we struck a lousy deal to begin with.

And we did.

Forget the financial accounting and arguing over how many billions they gave and we got. Stick to the geostrategic maths and double it if you like.

What were the Americans buying with their money?

Look to what the Trump administration is asking of Pakistan: what are the Haqqanis worth to you?

Most obviously, access to Afghanistan and a chance at winning the war there. In the early years, necessary cooperation to dismantle the Al Qaeda network too. And through all of it, a conversation with Pakistan on stuff that interests the Americans.

You can add a few more things, but that’s really the essence of it. Money to equip and resource the US war effort in Afghanistan. Money to decimate Al Qaeda in the region.

And money to have a conversation with a Pakistan where nukes, militants and the fear of nukes and militants combining have made access to Pakistan necessary for the US.

And what did we get?

Direct money and materiel is only part of it. For years, money from the US gave Pakistan access to global markets at a time of low interest rates and historic liquidity, at least until the Great Recession.

So double whatever the number that is being bandied about. Heck, go crazy and use the fanciful number that has been wretchedly drawn up to put a money figure on all that we’ve lost to militancy.

And see what percentage of the US spend in Afghanistan it works out to.

Or, if you’d rather use what stupidity will get Americans to shell out, use the craziest figure you can come up with for what Pakistan has got from the Americans and calculate it as percentage of the US spend in Iraq.

Not very much? Not very much at all.

The dirty little secret of the money given by the US to Pakistan is two-sided. On the American side, the Americans got pretty much what they spent on us, ie not very much.

And from a Pakistani perspective — not an institutional or state perspective — Pakistan pretty much got the least amount of money it could have for what was offered to the Americans.

With the latest national uproar and gnashing of teeth, we’ve got closer to recognising the crummy deal we originally struck with the US. The provenance of the deal-makers, though, means the anger is externally directed and selectively backward-looking.

Such are our ways.

Trouble is, it doesn’t end there. It’s difficult to assess the risk factor that is Trump because no one has seen anything like him before. Not on this stage and not in that office.

And a weird complication with Trump is that his politics and instincts, if they do prevail, may not be all that bad for Pakistan.

The America First stuff is basically about withdrawing from expensive overseas commitments — and seemingly doing the opposite of whatever Bush II and Obama did.

Sure, Trump has doubled down on military engagements abroad and threatened a bunch of unsettling stuff, but other than the IS fight, there’s no great enthusiasm apparent.

Trump’s America First in Af-Pak would probably look like getting the hell out of Afghanistan and suspending all aid to Pakistan. Not too bad really.

The problem is that America First isn’t dictating US Af-Pak policy; it looks like it’s being guided by hawks and the military.

Set aside what the Trump administration is willing to do to Pakistan. An escalation strategy may be apparent, but you can bet if it does come to that, there will be a few surprises along the way.

Look instead to what the Trump administration is asking of Pakistan: what are the Haqqanis worth to you? That question has never really been asked before.

Never really asked in the sense that while the Haqqanis have been a point of difference between the US and Pakistan for a long time, the Haqqanis have been primarily a US military obsession.

Before Trump, other, less-hawkish US agencies were involved in shaping Pak-Afghan policy and there was a fair bit of presidential scepticism. Now, under Trump, Haqqani hawks in the US may be set to press the uncomfortable question.

What are the Haqqanis worth to you, Pakistan? Or put more bluntly, how much pain is Pakistan willing to suffer to hang on to the Haqqanis?

You and me, the ordinary folk, don’t really know what the Haqqanis are worth to the Pakistani state. Trump or no Trump, we weren’t likely to find out anyway. A national conversation on Afghan policy has not been and is not likely to break out.

But there is fresh and very real danger.

Deciding anew what the Haqqanis are worth to us under intense US bullying and pressure risks letting nationalist sentiment affect what the Pakistani state can, and is willing to, do.

And dislike for Trump, an obnoxious, transparently anti-Muslim American president, could alter how far the state is willing to go to shield the Haqqanis.

On the American side, by letting military hawks shape the question on Pakistan, a volatile and thin-skinned president could just decide to bring the hammer down on Pakistan if he comes to believe we are defying him.

If the original deal was lousy, the new question should make everyone queasy.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 7th, 2018

A new year

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S finally here: election year. Two thousand and eight was traumatic; 2013 was exciting. Twenty eighteen is plain uncertain. Given the regional difficulties, Election 2018 may not even end up being the biggest event of the Pakistani year.

But it’s the only thing that can be relatively easily mapped.

At this point, there’s no point pretending there’s an uber plan or overarching scheme. Too many moving parts, too many players, all competing to shape whatever they think democracy should mean for the rest of us.

The very chatter of an NRO is acknowledgement of Nawaz’s continuing political strength.

There are, though, some preferences evident.

The boys do not want Nawaz. Or Maryam. The more Nawaz tries to force his way back into the system, the greater the resistance will be. It’s an institutional thing that no Saudi, American or Chinese high official can change.

The problem is, short of cancelling the election — a direct takeover — there’s no way of guaranteeing that Nawaz can be kept shut out. So a lot of will depend on the path Nawaz decides to take.

Strong-arming Nawaz out of the electoral arena has already been messy and complicated and further manipulation will make it messier still. But there’s no incentive to back off now.

But then there’s no incentive for Nawaz to back down either. The fury directed at Maryam is key — it suggests a determination to wipe out whatever Nawaz represents from politics. If that’s apparent to outsiders, it’s sure as hell known to Nawaz.

So why should he compromise?

Compromise now and he risks being shut out forever. Burn everything to the ground and he and Maryam will at least have a more level playing field. An ash heap of a playing field, but when you’re a civilian you take what you can get.

That’s also the problem with this NRO silliness.

The assumption is that an external guarantor is needed to make sure that two sides that despise each other stick to whatever is decided. But if Nawaz agrees to sit out the next election and let Shahbaz take over, that creates its own new reality. And a new power equation that may be hard for Nawaz to later disrupt.

If the highly improbable reverse is attempted — the boys agree to letting Nawaz back in as long as he behaves if he wins again — there can’t be a guarantee that Nawaz won’t renege on a deal the moment he reaps the political capital of what would be his greatest election win.

It’s the reason the last NRO flopped: the incentives of both sides are fundamentally misaligned.

An exile deal under a dictatorship can work because there’s an incentive — freedom from incarceration — and a genuine threat, the dictatorship. With a democratic veneer, the threat is substantially reduced and the incentive may actually be the opposite, ie to go to jail.

Nawaz chucked into jail while everyone else is pretending that there’s any kind of democracy in the country is more of problem for those who would have to do the pretending than Nawaz finding himself in jail.

The very chatter of an NRO is acknowledgement of Nawaz’s continuing political strength. If you’re Shahbaz or the boys, you should be worried.

Of course, all of this — or a lot of it — would go away if the PML-N loses the election.

At this point, nobody really knows. Twenty thirteen was a significant surprise. Even the PML-N acknowledged that it didn’t fully expect a majority on its own. Two thousand and eight was a significant disappointment. The sympathy wave that the PPP had hoped for didn’t materialise.

With 2018, all that can be said is Imran should be the favourite but it’s not clear that he is, and Nawaz and the PML-N should be the underdogs but it’s not clear that they are.

The merciful path — for buying us all some time and letting the system to continue — would be if PTI lands itself as the largest party in the next election. A straight majority would be simplest, but enough distance from No 2 could also work.

Five or so years for the PML-N to figure out its succession problems, for the PPP to figure out if it has a future outside Sindh, and for the PTI to figure out the constraints of power and to disillusion the electorate.

It really would be a merciful thing. And it helps that it aligns with what is known of the boys’ preferences.

But since this is Pakistan, we can’t leave well enough alone.

If you’re the PTI, you’re probably a bit worried too. Because you’d be aware that the religious right that is being cobbled together is also an insurance policy against you.

The foment on the ultra right has thus far mostly been seen for what it’s achieved: put the N-League government under pressure and chipped away at the PML-N’s support on the right.

But electoral maths is fungible. What can be used to break or diminish the PML-N can afterwards be applied as a brake on the option that replaces the PML-N. That would be the PTI.

Sure, an ultra right cohort that makes its way into parliament may initially be used to support the PTI if it falls short of a majority. But a coalition ally is also a few phone calls away from trouble and instability.

Especially if Imran starts to get funny ideas about actually running this place.

Twenty eighteen is our most uncertain year in a while. And that’s just the election.

Happy New Year.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 31st, 2017

Pulling back

The writer is a member of staff.

AND there it is. The slightest of course corrections. Avoiding chaos for now; salvaging stability, for now. It is the familiar — sometimes, great — Pakistani escape.

How do they do it?

Between the ever-present fear of the top blowing off or the bottom falling away, the Pakistan project has usually stumbled on. Maddening, scary, infuriating, depressing — or maybe just lucky.

For all his disruptiveness, Imran has not yet proved to be the great destroyer he is feared to be.

But enough merciful moments and near mea culpas to generally hold the whole enterprise together.

This time, it’s been a veritable Christmas miracle or perhaps the ghost of Jinnah guiding us back from the edge: four slight adjustments by four men who hold great sway over our political fate.

Traceable in the adjustments are internal — institutional — compulsions that triggered an external backlash which helped forced the correction.

Start with the chief.

The horror in Faizabad was a problem that wasn’t going away. It’s one thing for a government to be mauled by the boys. It’s another to be mauled by a bunch of psychopaths.

It’s something else altogether for a mauling to be perceived as a combination of the two. The Faizabad denouement was like the world’s nightmare of Pakistan coming to horrible life.

The cost of protecting the institution from an incendiary conversation turned out to be a conversation in hostile and questioning quarters about what the real problem in Pakistan may be.

And it was threatening to get ugly.

The mainstreaming conversation was being pulled in disturbing directions that turned questions on their heads. Who was controlling whom; was the mainstream being extremised; where would this end?

Something had to be done. The measure chosen has been spun as bold and courageous, but it is not. It was the least of the options available.

The Senate is docile, the Senate is marginalised and the Senate is a minority-ruled house. It was the safest, softest of options available.

Enough to get the job done — to suck the poison hanging in the air post-Faizabad — without really making any concession. Disturbing questions countered by amenable optics.

On to the other chief.

His is a house divided. That’s just a juridical fact. Try reconciling the original three disqualifiers with the final five disqualifiers with the recent half-disqualification, half-not — and, well, you can’t.

It’s a hot mess.

If you forget what the chief said and think about what it meant, a warning shot has been fired. Not necessarily in the direction of detractors but across the bow of the court.

For now, the big decisions are out of the way. But as the election nears, the petitions will pile up again. A court that is willing to wade into political waters is a court that will get sucked in deeper.

Candidates and their aunts will rush to get opponent candidates disqualified on pretext after pretext. It’s a familiar pre-election ritual, but with added significance this time round because of recent goings-on.

The chief’s message can interpretatively be flipped on its head. Scolding detractors for their unhinged criticisms of the court is also a reminder to the rest of the court of the dangers of populism.

The judicial vehicle cannot carry the republic. The more it mediates in the political arena, the more stress it will come under. This chief will carry us past an election next August and into December.

By that time, the election should be a settled result. If a few more lectures have to be suffered before then, but the veiled message gets through — so be it.

On to Nawaz.

This business of clinging on has been a waste of time. The preferable path has long been apparent. If Nawaz wanted to lead one last campaign, he could have it. But then instal Shahbaz immediately after.

A fourth-term, 10-consecutive-year PM was and is a ridiculous idea. It almost invites destabilisation and mayhem. And since the disqualification, another term for Nawaz could be collective political suicide.

But if Nawaz leads the campaign, Shahbaz is the PM candidate and the N-League wins, everyone will know the victory is really Nawaz’s. Enjoy the adulation, save everyone else the pain. What’s the point in trying again?

Maybe — maybe — Nawaz can force his back into public office. But the first day of a fourth term would mark the beginning of a countdown to a fourth ouster. The PML-N may be Nawaz, but the PML-N is also in the business of winning.

With Nawaz as the candidate, victory is possible but it could be short-lived. So why not give Shahbaz his shot and the party a real chance? Inexorable logic appears to be winning.

And finally: Imran.

For all his disruptiveness, Imran has not yet proved to be the great destroyer he is feared to be. Through the dharnas, jalsas, protests and petitions, he’s managed to foment uncertainty and confusion, but kept his eye on another election.

Since his disqualification survival, Imran has been relatively tame. The court may have complicated a coruscating response with the ouster of a close ally, but Imran has helped by not trying to do anything much or deeply controversial.

He’s even put some necessary distance between himself and the ousted ally, and stuck to his usual demands of early elections and sundry denunciations of Nawaz and the PML-N.

Good enough for now was Imran helpfully not making himself the centre of attention and wild controversy. He’s done that.

Four slight adjustments by four men who hold great sway over our political fate. Enough merciful moments and near mea culpas to avoid chaos and salvage stability, for now.

Merry Christmas.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 24th, 2017

A lifeline for Nawaz?

The writer is a member of staff.

WHEN the dust settles, it may be Nawaz who’ll emerge the winner. Because the court may have inadvertently handed Nawaz a lifeline.

Not bad for someone who wasn’t really in the news this week.

The best case scenario for Nawaz was pretty straightforward: the case against Shahbaz reopened and Imran disqualified.

An accountability trial of Shahbaz would have robbed him of the only clear advantage he has over Nawaz: no legal troubles.

Model Town could yet blow up the younger brother’s political career, but it’s still in the cat-and-mouse phase and there’s plenty of manoeuvring left.

A messy political world is about the best of political worlds for Nawaz right now.

Both the Sharif brothers popping in an out of accountability courts, though, would have put Nawaz’s troubles in a different perspective and may have won him further sympathy.

Imran being ousted would have been the greater gift. Because it would have cleared a path to a constitutional amendment to tweak the disqualification clauses — the quickest way back in for Nawaz.

The N-League doesn’t have the numbers in parliament to make that happen on its own and it won’t have the numbers even after the Senate elections or the general election.

But had Imran been ousted, bipartisan support would have materialised to fix what would have become a serious political problem for everyone.

An election without Imran is untenable and to rescue Imran, Nawaz would also have to be ushered back into the electoral game.

The best case scenario for Nawaz didn’t happen.

But there’s reason for cheer. Whatever the court insists, it’s descended into the muck of politics. That usually works to the politician’s advantage.

The cleverest thing the N-League has done in the whole Panama mess was to drag Imran and a key ally of his into the mess.

In a way, the court had been trapped. It waded into the Panama mess to ingratiate itself with the public by seeming to broker the calling off of Imran’s Islamabad lockdown.

But if the court was willing to hear a case against Nawaz, it couldn’t easily reject a petition against Imran.

The N-League was clever too in targeting Tareen. There’s enough shadiness around Imran for enemies to have their pick. But Tareen worked particularly well because of a London property connection.

It set up a nice comparison to Nawaz.

If Tareen didn’t survive, as seemed quite possible, it would have made both sides look roughly the same: PTI and PML-N both cut from the same cloth; Richie Riches doing what they always have done.

Imran’s stubbornness is a nice bonus. The PTI seems to have decided on a formula of formally stripping Tareen of party office but keeping him by Imran’s side.

Politically, that’s good for Nawaz. The N-League has managed to keep one word at the heart of the Sharif ouster story: iqama. A proxy for trivialness, bias and agenda.

Now, Imran seems determined to keep by his side the PTI’s version of ouster for allegedly trivial, biased and agenda-driven reasons.

The N-League will be pleased. It can point to Imran surviving and argue a double standard — legal intricacies that have the experts divided are hardly going to be understood by the average voter.

And it can point to a still-visible Tareen and argue that the PTI is saying the same thing that the PML-N has been arguing about Nawaz: trivialness, bias and agenda in the ouster.

A messy political world is about the best of political worlds for Nawaz right now. The messier the better, really.

The bigger favour may inadvertently have been done by the chief justice’s tirade.

Demonstrating that those outside the political realm don’t quite get the rhythms and rules of politics, the CJP’s staunch defence of his institution has flung open a door that many were itching to rush through.

Because to fiercely reject perceptions of judicial bias is to invite political and public debate that needed to be avoided.

The sensible thing for the court would have been to never venture down this road to begin with. That’s no longer possible.

The next best thing is for the court to find a way to extricate itself from issues that can have political ramifications. That may be hard to do because of an institutional shift.

One of the defining traits of the court of Iftikhar Chaudhry was to force unanimity on the big questions. Assemble all the justices in big cases and make sure they spoke as one.

It was a bad idea and made for bad law. To try and correct for that, Chaudhry’s successors have gone out of their way to respect differences of opinion.

In theory, it makes for better law. In practice, with the courts being asked to adjudicate in political disputes, it makes for controversy and confusion.

Controversy and confusion suit Nawaz.

Because great danger awaits in the accountability court. A trial court conviction and sentence are harder to undo and take much longer to get reversed.

But if the judicial process as a whole gets tainted or dragged into controversy, it makes it harder for courts higher up the judicial chain to not suspend a conviction on appeal.

And appeals then tend to get dragged out for years while the underlying politics is resolved.

The court for reasons internal to it embraced diversity of opinion. But in the political realm that diversity has created confusion.

And so, without realising it, the court may have handed Nawaz a lifeline. Not bad for a week in which he wasn’t really in the news.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 17th, 2017

Shahbaz in trouble

The writer is a member of staff.

FOR small mercies we must be grateful. Once upon a time, there was a delicate dance around whether there’s a purge ongoing or not. No longer.

They want Nawaz out.

But Nawaz is clinging on and the cost of ousting him is increasing. And now it’s Shahbaz’s turn to suffer. First Hudaibiya, now Model Town — it’s been a rough patch for the younger Sharif.

Why?

The preferred scheme of replacement was relatively straightforward. Shahbaz would wrest the party from Nawaz and a rejuvenated and rebooted PML-N would take on Imran in an on-time election.

An on-time election being necessary for Shahbaz to line up the party behind him and pivot from an administrative role in Punjab to national politics.

And, left unsaid, an on-time election allowing Shahbaz and Imran time to tear into each other, leaving neither with funny ideas of a runaway victory and what that could unleash.

But interest in the Shahbaz option has cooled.

Shahbaz’s potential was obvious enough: he would convince the boys that he could convince the PML-N to line up behind him, accept a diminished role for Nawaz and, of course, not fight with the boys.

Carving up the state, as it were. Everything the boys want for the boys, the bits of governance left over for Shahbaz and whoever lined up behind him.

The problem is Shahbaz hasn’t been able to step out of Nawaz’s shadow.

If crumbs doesn’t sound like a huge incentive, crumbs at the centre are a heck of a lot more attractive than the whole pie in Punjab.

The problem is Shahbaz hasn’t been able to step out of Nawaz’s shadow. Part of that could be family dynamics, and part a younger sibling’s lack of self-belief and suffocating tradition.

But most of it is likely political: wresting the party from Nawaz has proved harder than was anticipated.

For all the factions in the PML-N — a south Punjab bloc is evident; there is the recent lining up behind pirs; and some bubbling in north and central Punjab, where a tough fight from the PTI is expected — the party is still a discernible whole.

And that whole is still leaning on Nawaz.

The cautious confidence of the Nawaz camp can be gauged from the recent parliamentary vote that Nawaz needed the full party to turn up for.

When a significant majority of N-League parliamentarians did, Nawaz didn’t feel the need to thank them profusely or throw some gifts their way.

Instead, he ordered an inquest into the few who were missing. That tells its own story. A story of confidence returning.

But why is Shahbaz suffering the backlash?

If Shahbaz can’t wrest the party from Nawaz, then Shahbaz will line up behind Nawaz. It makes no sense for Shahbaz to go it alone and attempt a three-way fight in Punjab between Nawaz, Imran and himself.

But the possibility of Shahbaz dutifully falling in line behind Nawaz further complicates the already complicated original goal: purging Nawaz.

And if Nawaz can’t be purged, then the PML-N — all of it — is a threat.

A threat that Imran may think he’s more than able to handle electorally, but a threat that PTI does not necessarily look like it can defeat.

So a little massaging is in order.

If Nawaz in trouble hasn’t caused enough of the N-League to bolt from his camp, then maybe Nawaz and Shahbaz both in trouble may do the trick.

After all, the N-League’s winning and competitive candidates all have a breaking point. It’s just a question of finding it.

Here, though, is where the real ugliness and miserableness comes in.

Dismantling the N-League still leaves the question of what to replace it with. At this point, in a rigged game, Imran has to be the favourite.

And yet, there is no great enthusiasm apparent for Imran — neither in the electorate nor among the ones fashioning the restructuring.

Shahbaz’s entire pitch rested on that little detail: Imran somehow not being able to become what everything suggests he should already be — the favourite in August.

The swing vote — everyone else has had a chance, so why not Imran? — will probably go Imran’s way the next time round, but the deficit to the PML-N from 2013 is significant.

Imran, it is clear, needs help.

So why not prise away the N-League’s right-wing support, fuse together some of the old and the new, rising vote banks on the ultra right, and present it to the PTI as an ally?

Y’know, to get Imran across the finish line.

The wily Zardari has sensed this and made the appropriate move. The PML-N had tried to scoop up chunks of the PPP’s collapsing vote bank in Punjab by trying to drag at least the perception of the PML-N to the centre.

But the dismantling of the N-League and the rise of frightening options on the ultra right may send the PPP voter scampering back.

Allying with the nutty preacher from abroad may be the cleverest thing Zardari has done in a while.

It keeps the pressure on the N-League and leaves the PPP with options. Options in this game means relevance. And relevance is just about the best the PPP can hope for right now.

Which still leaves us with the question of Shahbaz.

Has he really been cut loose? Thrown under the bus before he could force his way into the driver’s seat?

The Shahbaz camp insists that recent events are just a nudge. More get-on-with-it than you’re-done.

We’ll know soon enough.

Either way, strap yourself in for a rocky 2018.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 10th, 2017

A minority government?

The writer is a member of staff.

THE PML-N — this version of it — is done. To win re-election from here would be a spectacular, historic, mind-boggling victory.

A victory so spectacular, historic and mind-boggling that it would turn on its head everything anyone knows about Pakistan, politics and civ-mil.

Even if it could happen, it will not be allowed to happen.

But the horrifying end to the three-week crisis revealed a determination to see the end of Nawaz that he either cannot understand or does not want to.

The rest of us, though, need to try and figure out what Nawaz may be up to.

We’re dealing with what Nawaz may think he can get away with, not what’s the best government for the rest of us.

The parliamentary maths has already swung against the PML-N. The census created two options: increase the size of parliament or rearrange the provinces’ shares.

The first — more National Assembly seats — may have given the PML-N something new to play with, but both options had the same problem: Punjab’s share of the population has dropped.

A few back-of-the-envelope calculations reveal the problem. Right now, there are 272 directly elected seats in the NA, so to form a government and become PM you need 137.

(There are 342 seats in the National Assembly, but the 60 women and 10 non-Muslim seats are proportionally appointed to parties that win general, directly elected seats.)

Of the 272 seats, 148 are from Punjab, 150 if you include Islamabad. So for a Punjab-based party to win, it needs 137 of 150 — 91 per cent of Punjab’s seats.

In reality, it’s a little easier for the PML-N because most of the 12 Fata MNAs and the 14 Balochistan MNAs usually line up with whoever is in power.

Plus, there’s a smattering of seats in Sindh to be picked up and a bunch in the PML-N strongholds in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

But if not 90-plus per cent, it’s still in the 80-85pc range of Punjab seats that the PML-N will need to win.

The PML-N, though, is weaker in south Punjab, which has roughly a quarter of Punjab’s directly elected seats, so the N-League really still needs 90-95pc of the seats in central and northern Punjab.

If the maths is tedious, it’ll be over quickly.

Here’s the problem. The current parliament is based on Punjab’s roughly 55pc share of the population. The new census has dropped it to under 53pc.

That two per cent may not seem much, but it’s taken the PML-N’s winning equation into stupidly unreal territory.

Courageously, like it did with the NFC, Punjab has agreed to take a hit to its seat share. And, thankfully, parliament has preferred not to increase the seat count.

What that all adds up to is seven fewer seats for Punjab, six if you include the gain for Islamabad. In the same 272 NA directly elected seats.

If 137/150 was eye-watering, 137/144 is in stupidly unreal territory.

So what is Nawaz playing at?

It’s possible to guess. He’s banking on the PML-N hanging on to the largest parliamentary party status, even if it means dipping below a majority.

A minority government, basically. Because whoever wins the highest number of seats in parliament will lead the next government.

It may be mathematically possible for No 2 and No 3 to form a coalition, but politically it wouldn’t work. You can’t shut out No 1 and hope for longevity or stability.

So No 1 will have two options: find independent and coalition partners to get to 137 or try and go it alone.

There are really only two hurdles to a minority government: the first job of a new National Assembly is to elect a speaker and the second to elect a PM.

The first can be overcome by offering the deputy speaker slot to another party or group and the second problem by a one-time deal with whomever to win the PM vote.

After that, the template is already there: the Senate for the last decade. No party has had a majority in the upper house in these two terms of parliament.

The PPP came closest and the PML-N will surge in March, but it’s effectively been a minority government in the upper house.

And yet, we’ve had five constitutional amendments — needing a two-thirds majority — and a bunch of legislation passed.

The only thing stopping a minority government from existing in the National Assembly is someone with the audacity to try the Senate model in the NA.

With the PML-N, it’s not like Nawaz has a huge legislative agenda anyway. And even in this most bitterly divided current parliament when push has come to shove, legislation has moved through a minority-government Senate.

Of course, a minority government is a ridiculous idea with all sorts of problems that are easy to see and others that will probably manifest themselves.

But we’re dealing with what Nawaz may think he can get away with, not what’s the best government for the rest of us.

So, get to March and build up an advantage in the Senate, even if it’s short of a majority, and then get to August and aim to be the largest party in the next NA, even if it’s less than a majority.

This version of the PML-N is done. Getting 137/144 in Punjab is an absurdity. But a minority government in a fractured National Assembly where no one has a majority?

It’s worth a shot. So on Nawaz is plodding. And on the rest of us must suffer.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 3rd, 2017

Ungovernable

The writer is a member of staff.

DEATH by hemlock or a shotgun to the face is the kind of choice that can make you forget the result is the same.

Yesterday felt like a bit of both.

It wasn’t shocking. Only the naïve are unaware of what lurks at what we can only pray are the fringes of society.

The slow poisoning of state and society has turned explosive. From here, what will be, will be.

And for three weeks, we watched as the fringe dragged itself to the centre and raised itself into a miasma that has engulfed us all.

It wasn’t particularly surprising. There is effectively no government. And definitely no one who could handle this situation.

Civilian government or military dictator, ours is a top-down, personality-driven system. A figure in whom not only is the power of high office vested, but who also has the legitimacy or strength to wield that power.

Khaqan Abbasi is manifestly not that person. Shahbaz maybe could’ve been that person in this particularly hellish scenario, but we can’t know because he’s been too busy sulking.

For better or worse, there were only two potential wielding-power-at-the-very-top figures who could — could — have sorted this out before it snowballed.

But Nawaz has been stripped of office. And the chief, we have now learned, believes national cohesion is on the line because of violence by both sides.

It isn’t surprising the danger grew and grew.

From here, what will be, will be. Order, or the veneer of it, will be established, but what precedents will be set — in the streets and in government — we can only guess.

So let’s get back to the hemlock, the slow death, and the shotgun-to-the-face, the violent end.

There is no real secret to what happened. Consolidating election laws meant simplifying stuff without changing the underlying spirit.

None of our parliamentary pygmies dare dream of tampering with this particular spirit.

Because there’s no mystery or malice, it’s easy enough to explain. Babar Sattar has already sliced through it, reminding us how this originated with Musharraf.

Having decided to revert to a joint electorate — enlightened liberation and all of that — Musharraf was cornered by the hateful lot. So to save his joint electorate, he threw that wretched lot among us under the bus.

Redundant clauses were introduced in the election laws to let everyone know who among us is hated and exactly why. If you haven’t read Babar, have a look at The News of Nov 18.

The PML-N’s mistakes — mistakes only in that here we are, in hell itself — were threefold. One, the Qadri execution was hung around the government’s neck.

There’s reason to believe the N-League had to be coaxed into that particular execution, but the warrant had to be signed by them, so on them has been pinned political blame.

Two, the N-League’s ambivalent, stuttering move towards the political centre exposed it to right-wing ire. To be accused of secularising impulses or modernising aspirations is in certain quarters to be accused of apostasy itself.

Three, the N-League didn’t wrap itself in the protective embrace of Fazlur Rehman and his ilk. Like the PPP did with the 18th Amendment.

Few know this because it was always only theoretical, but until the 18th Amendment it was possible for any member of the National Assembly to be prime minister — man, woman, Muslim and, yes, non-Muslim.

In one of those constitutional quirks, the lacuna had opened under Zia. Once the oath of office for the PM was changed, making it explicitly for a Muslim, there was no need to continue with the specific, Muslim-only PM clause in the Constitution.

That changed with the 18th Amendment.

Article 91(3) now reads: “the National Assembly shall … proceed to elect without debate one of its Muslim members to be the Prime Minister.”

That’s right. The secular PPP changed the Constitution, claiming that it was only reverting to the original, 1973 language, to ensure that Musharraf’s joint electorate could only produce a Muslim prime minister.

The key, of course, was Fazlu. Zardari wanted parliamentary consensus on the 18th, Fazlur Rehman’s price for voting yes was to retain Zia’s Islamist clauses.

We can only speculate why the N-League didn’t buy itself Fazlu or sundry mullah insurance when it got around to having the election laws consolidated by parliament.

Nawaz, as we all know, had been recently ousted. Fazlu or any other mullah who may have been inclined to warn Nawaz and extract a price to support the bill was dealing with a nobody PM.

Maybe that’s where the ball was dropped.

The other bit is Nawaz getting the N-League presidency back. The PML-N was so focused on getting that clause through in the electoral-laws revamp that it left its right flank exposed. A flank that has been devoured by the Faizabad lot.

Of such stupidities are tragedies made.

But the hemlock and the shotgun are now, in a miserable, quintessentially Pakistani way, ent­wined. The slow poisoning of state and society has turned explosive. From here, what will be, will be.

Which leaves us with a final exegesis. What will it take to stop and maybe reverse this?

It’s impossible to know, but not hard to guess. Pygmies won’t do. Neither a Musharraf nor a Nawaz nor any of those who dared to be heard or seen this weekend.

Probably someone who is willing to say enough and, like the evil in our streets, willing to put his life on the line to stand by what he believes.

Someone to make us governable at the cost, potentially, of his life.

But that probably explains why we will remain ungovernable.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 26th, 2017

End this misery

The writer is a member of staff.

IN another week of numbing stupidity and vileness, maybe it’s time to stop pretending that there isn’t a solution: a straight fight between Shahbaz and Imran in an August election.

May the better — least worst? — man win and may we all be allowed to get back to our miserable-ish lives in this miserable-ish land.

Because this is just exhausting.

Nawaz is done. Maybe he doesn’t know it yet, but we don’t have to pretend he knows what he’s doing. His problem is the court.

He’s already disqualified and he’s on track to be convicted. There’s only one way to reverse the disqualification: strip Article 62(1)(f) out of the Constitution, the honest and trustworthy business.

To do that, Nawaz’s only shot is after half the Senate is changed in March. (Senate elections may be held earlier by the provincial assemblies, possibly as early as Jan).

OK, great. But the Senate is equally divided between the four provinces and N-League only dominates one, Punjab, and is the lead player in another, Balochistan.

To change the Constitution, you need a separate two-thirds majority in both houses of parliament. There’s no way that Nawaz is getting that in the Senate.

Nawaz is done. Maybe he doesn’t know it yet, but we don’t have to pretend he knows what he’s doing.

But let’s play along. Nawaz has the Constitution amended for himself. The amendment will immediately be challenged in the Supreme Court.

The same Supreme Court that in the 21st Amendment/military courts case gave itself the right to decide if constitutional amendments are constitutional.

The same court in which the current CJP has had to recuse himself from the Nawaz case and the next two CJPs were part of the five-member bench that disqualified Nawaz.

Who are we kidding?

But let’s keep playing along. Nawaz gets the Constitution amended for himself and the amendment survives the court’s scrutiny.

There’s then the matter of the accountability trial and an actual conviction. For the sake of fantasy, assume he won’t be convicted. That still leaves him with the disqualification problem.

For the sake of reality, let’s assume he’s convicted. Worst case scenario: he’s convicted and sent to jail. That means the PML-N fighting the election with Nawaz in jail; meaning he’ll have to nominate someone else as the PM candidate.

Think about what it would mean if the candidate isn’t Shahbaz.

After Nawaz, there’s no one in the party with a profile like Shahbaz. So Shahbaz is going to campaign on behalf of a Nawaz surrogate to whom Shahbaz will be junior if N-League wins?

Yeah, that would work. (Hold on if you’re thinking Maryam or Hamza.)

Best case scenario for Nawaz in the accountability trial: he’s convicted but not sent to jail or something exotic like a presidential pardon comes to his rescue.

That still leaves every returning officer rejecting his nomination papers because of the conviction. A rejection Nawaz can appeal all the way to the — Supreme Court. Uh-oh.

(If you’re thinking Nawaz may find a returning officer to accept his nomination papers, any of his opponents can challenge his nomination — a challenge that will eventually end up in the Supreme Court. Uh-uh.)

So what the hell are we doing? Nawaz is done.

Let’s skip out of the legal realm and get political a bit. Nawaz’s problem is himself. A fourth-term Nawaz will try something different and succeed at that something different after three unsuccessful stints? And immediately after his third failure?

You may as well write to Santa for a pot of gold.

Aha, but there’s Maryam. She’s ambitious; she has Nawaz’s support; the mother, Kulsum, is a major booster; a mother’s wish from the sickbed is hard for a family to deny; and the PML-N is a party of lemmings.

All well and good, but only within the family soap opera.

Maryam has never held a job. She’s had one by-election campaign in the safest of seats. In nine months, she’ll have to learn how to assemble a national roster of candidates, find her campaign feet, and then prepare to be sworn in as a first-time MNA headed straight for the PM House.

That’s fantastically improbable. And while it may be worth the bet for Nawaz and Maryam, how many winning candidates are going to be willing to go along for that ride?

Oh, but there’s Hamza. Hamza who? He may have handled the party for his father and uncle for a few years, but that’s only because they detest their partymen and rather someone else do the dirty work.

And even if Hamza has party experience that Maryam doesn’t, he has zero national profile. Going into an election with a behind-the-scenes player known to the candidates but unknown to the average voter is political suicide.

Slice it, dice it, cut it any way you like, you’re still left with: Nawaz is done, Maryam isn’t ready, Hamza is a nobody and Shahbaz is — ready.

The PML-N has to know that this endless crisis has hurt them. You don’t need to know anything about politics or Pakistan to know that the convulsions will have cooled support for the party.

And while the PTI may not have gained — yet — the PML-N falling back has set up a nasty and fierce election. It may be our ugliest yet, barring perhaps ’77. If Nawaz stays ringside, it could be the nastiest ever.

The solution is obvious: a straight fight between Shahbaz and Imran in an August election.

Nawaz is done. Let him be an éminence grise or whatever catches his fancy. Just get out of the electoral way already and end this exhaustion for all of us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 19th, 2017

The election conundrum

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE’RE only three options. Elections on time, elections ahead of time or no elections at all. The puzzle is to figure out what suits whom.

In the chaos of this week, there was relief.

The obscenity down in Karachi was the big, paradoxical relief: all that engineering suggests that the no-elections option is not imminent.

A judicial thunderbolt every couple of months until next August could be the most welcome of political gifts.

You don’t dive under the hood and rearrange all the parts if you know there aren’t going to be elections. May as well leave that messy business for after the coup.

But there it was, the kind of wild tinkering that the rest of the country sneers at Karachi for and Karachi shrugs off as of a piece with the rest of the country.

Terrified of Altaf and scared of the boys, most in the MQM are stuck exactly where they’d rather not be: unsure whom to turn to, to rig the next election for them.

Expect more convulsions in the weeks ahead.

There are two other hints that the no-elections option has cooled: the unreported Islamabad siege and Musharraf’s pack of jokers.

The Islamabad siege takes aim at the PML-N’s right-wing support.

Coalescing on the Qadri execution and energised by an elections rule change that was quickly reversed, the newest entrants to the Islamabad siege club are noxious noise.

What’s interesting though is that they’re positioning themselves as electoral noxious noise — cobbling together the anti-blasphemy section of the ultra right for nuisance value in elections.

There’s little internal coherence, nothing resembling a manifesto and zero chance of this strangest of animals surviving long — but the animatedness suggests a belief in a game heading in the direction of elections.

And then there’s the Musharraf pack of jokers.

Now reduced to being a caricature of himself, the only thing that seems to haunt Musharraf more than political irrelevance is a sense that he’s drifted far from the institution that made him.

And the only thing more humiliating than putting together a paper electoral alliance would be if the no-elections operation materialised immediately after — for that would mean Musharraf didn’t have a clue what was imminent.

So hurrah for a week in which, in typically ungainly Pakistani style, we may have learned that the no-elections option has receded.

But that still leaves the question of elections when.

The Nawaz camp’s preference has always been for elections on time. You can bet that Zardari having pulled it off in the last round, Nawaz is loath to leave him as the only civilian with that prize.

But the decision is rooted in something bigger: the Charter of Democracy.

The lesson of the ’90s was that without continuity there cannot be stability. And continuity meant doing things differently: letting parliaments complete their term.

The ouster and the N-League succession struggle will have buttressed the case for elections on time — elections on time means more time for the N-League to sort out its problems.

But this week the elections-on-time camp may have received an unexpected boost: the anger of the court.

Goaded into responding to Nawaz’s political attacks, the court may have unwittingly illuminated a path for Nawaz to claw his way back.

Trapped in a legal vice from which there is only parliamentary escape — undoing the disqualification clause via a constitutional amendment or winning re-election and using the fresh political capital to carve a way back — Nawaz needs an enemy to fight.

An enemy who Nawaz can show is fighting dirty and unfair to keep the voter on his side. The PTI can’t be that enemy because it is competing for votes. That leaves the boys or the court.

Against the boys you can only go so far. They have the most tools and the biggest bag of tricks — and the advantage of the threat of wrapping up the system if a political enemy goes too far.

The court, though, is constrained by its institutionally apolitical role — get goaded into politics and it’s the politician who can take advantage.

This week, the court reminded Nawaz that he can intertwine two clocks with separate countdowns: the accountability trials and the election clock.

If the election clock is kept fixed at next August, Nawaz can merrily goad the courts into making the prosecutions look like persecution until then.

A judicial thunderbolt every couple of months until next August could be the most welcome of political gifts.

A sympathy ploy that would set up a nice contrast between a politician just trying to deliver for the people and unreasonable institutions getting in his way.

It could even help with settling the succession struggle inside the PML-N. It’s easier to rally around a leader besieged by the courts than under direct attack from the boys.

But what’s good for Nawaz may not be good for the rest of us. The longer this stretches out, the longer the no-elections-at-all option has to materialise.

August may not be a lifetime away, but it could end up feeling like one. If continuity turns into a war of narratives, a dogfight that gets nastier and out of control, the potential coup-maker’s patience could snap.

Early elections are the obvious safety valve.

But it can’t remain as an option forever. If the trigger isn’t pulled on an early election soon, it could become a non-option by early next year — because an early election at the last possible moment would be seen for the cynical ploy it would be.

In trying to get to an election on time, Nawaz may be setting us up for no elections at all.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 12th, 2017

Artificialness

The writer is a member of staff.

COUNTERFACTUALS are impossible, but occasionally we get close enough to have a peek at what could have been.

A transfer to Maryam would be wrong.

Not this way, not at this time, not as the coronation she seems to be seeking and her father seems willing to bestow.

Disagreeable as dynastic politics is, it’s a fact of political life and there’s a way to go about it.

The Sharifs aren’t going about it the right way. That’s blindingly obvious. But there’s a deeper, more uncomfortable question:

Has the anti-democratic interference created a scenario that democratic politics may have forestalled?

Or to put it another way, if it weren’t for Panama being used as a wedge to get Nawaz out, would the PML-N have figured out a better, more orderly succession?

A succession that would have given Shahbaz his turn and allowed Hamza and Maryam to fight for eventual power after party or ministerial stints to prove who deserves it more.

Essentially, could the PML-N have done better — produced a result more favourable to democracy — if it hadn’t been artificially forced into a succession crisis?

Let’s turn to history a bit.

Once upon a time, there was a would-be amirul momineen. Everyone knows the legend of what Nawaz attempted, the abortive 15th Amendment.

Could the PML-N have done better if it hadn’t been artificially forced into a succession crisis?

First, the background. From a report at the time by the excellent chronicler of our miserable history, Zahid Hussain:

“What appears to have pushed Sharif along this dangerous path was the fact that his country was on the brink of bankruptcy. Sectarian strife, especially in Sindh, was again getting out of control.

“Also Sharif, his aides say, felt his government was sinking after the recent US strikes on Afghanistan and Sudan, when he was caught between trying to appease both the Taliban and the US.”

Classic bait-and-switch.

But there was a problem. The infamous heavy mandate had given Nawaz a clean path through the National Assembly, a two-thirds majority easily assembled with the help of sundry independents.

The problem was in the Senate.

Again from Zahid Hussain at the time:

“With his coalition partners pulling out, Sharif may find it difficult to push the bill through parliament. Although his party with the help of independents can muster a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly, it does not enjoy similar support in the Senate.

“It has 44 members in the Senate out of a total 87 and needs 15 more to get the bill passed. The government has also hinted at holding a referendum if it fails to get the bill passed by parliament.”

Faced with a defiant Senate, Nawaz tried bullying and hectoring. The Senate didn’t budge. But there was another option: the next round of Senate elections, in 2000.

While he couldn’t get the Senate to yield in 1998, Nawaz knew the next round of Senate elections in 2000 would give him significantly better numbers in the Senate.

Now to the counterfactual.

The Musharraf coup disrupted all of Nawaz’s plans. Gone forever was the dream of amirul momineen.

But the coup also robbed us of the possibility, the opportunity even, to watch Nawaz defied by democracy and maybe even his own party.

Because there was deep unease not just in the Senate generally but inside the PML-N too about what Nawaz was attempting.

The easy vote in the National Assembly made clear there were plenty of enablers, ready and willing to give Nawaz what he wanted to align themselves with power.

But there were also conscientious objectors. And the more Nawaz pushed, the more likely opposition to the 15th Amendment would have coalesced.

An all-powerful prime minister suffering a defeat in parliament partly because of his own party members could have been a significant democratic moment.

We never got that moment because of engineered circumstances.

Now again we are at an artificial moment. The ouster of Nawaz has forced choices that otherwise would have been delayed.

Without the ouster, the path ahead was relatively clear. Nawaz would have led the party into the next election and Shahbaz would be negotiating with his elder brother for a post-election role, assuming the N-League won again.

And Maryam would probably have made her political debut as a member of the parliamentary class of 2018, having a full parliamentary term to learn the ropes and make a case for succession.

Instead, it’s all been scrambled and driven the N-League to the verge of a split because of an accelerated, artificial ascent to power.

An ascent that the N-League itself may have blocked if Maryam’s parliamentary and political path created enough doubts about her suitability for the role.

That she isn’t ready is plain to see.

But the artificial crisis has turned what could have been a question of competence into one of loyalty. You really can’t best a daughter in the loyalty stakes.

There is, though, a final irony. By roping her into the artificial crisis, it has given Maryam a potential path to political legitimacy that she otherwise could not have dreamed of.

Assume the accountability case ends up in a conviction for both father and daughter.

Sending Maryam to jail would rocket-boost her political stature in a way that a dozen years of ministerial or party experience would not.

It would paper over every other shortcoming and inadequacy. No one would be able to challenge what could otherwise have been patent nonsense.

So even if she loses out to her uncle and cousin in this round, the artificial crisis may end up vaulting her right past them.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 5th, 2017

The coup trap

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’LL be back soon enough. The drama, conspiracy and crisis. But in a week of relative calm it may be worth revisiting the basics.

There’s two things few want to admit.

One: a coup can’t deliver because, assuming the best of intentions, the time needed for reforms to become permanent is longer than the duration a dictator can hang on.

And as soon as the dictator is gone, everything he touched will be rolled back — because that will be the politicians’ revenge and because all the dictator’s reforms will be seen as tainted.

The governance clock will essentially be reset.

Two: politics here is quite fluid, with new options — whole parties, in fact — materialising regularly enough. The myth of perpetual political power is exactly that — a myth.

That’s a good thing. Because new options and new parties potentially means new ideas and new politics. Put those two things together — the pragmatic and the romantic — and you have a pretty solid case against a takeover.

Why bother if it can’t work?

The good thing about the current silliness is that we don’t have to be radically hypothetical. The run-up, context and the figures themselves are all known to us.

If there’s a takeover, it’s easy enough to guess what it would look like: a reboot of Musharraf’s first spell, between 1999 and 2002.

If there’s a takeover, it’s easy enough to guess what it would look like: a reboot of Musharraf’s first spell, between 1999 and 2002.

There’re several reasons for that. The whole conversation of intervention has revolved around not a new system, but a pause to structurally firm up the existing system. That is self-limiting.

Then there’s the court. Every coup needs judicial cover — it’s hardwired into our politics — so the coup-maker can’t just disband the court.

That gives the court leverage and it will use it to impose a relatively short fixed time frame. Musharraf got three years, the next time round it may be just two.

And then there’s Imran. He’s never been PM and for every year there’s a dictator on the scene, that’s one less year Imran has to realise his dream. The PTI’s unwhetted appetite for power will help force a quick return to some kind of ballot box.

The agenda is also relatively easy to guess. It’ll be a rehash of Musharraf’s seven points from Oct 1999 with references to domestic militancy and regional threats layered on top.

After that, the coup-maker will get down to business.

Accountability will be jump-started; a small-ish cabinet of retired generals and Western-trained technocrats will impose discipline; and the finance team will be ordered to deliver blingy, urban-led growth to keep the middle class happy.

Stability is relatively easy to manufacture.

The hard business is structural change. The bureaucracy, police and local governments are the usual suspects. The justice system is usually insulated from a dictator’s reforms crusade because he depends on the judges for legitimacy and protection from legal assault.

But changing how the state is organised and how it interacts with the people is a long-term game. Our dictator will only have a couple of years at first.

Say it’ll take 10-15 years for police reforms to become irreversible — for the institution to be meaningfully insulated from politics and for the results to be significant enough that the people themselves will oppose reversal.

But our dictator will be forced into the political process in two or three years, either creating a new party or formalising an alliance with the PTI.

A return to the political process means two things: compromises that will undercut your governance and reforms agenda; and space for political opponents to start the work of dislodging you politically.

A dictatorship can last an election cycle or two — but three is near impossible.

Because fatigue with the dictator’s rule, the public’s unhappiness with results and the compromises made, and the opposition of the parties he will have shut out from power will grow overwhelming.

Forced into survival mode, the dictator will make more compromises — further eroding his original reforms and governance agenda.

Eventually he’ll be gone and the first job of the triumphant politicians will be to dismantle the dictator’s legacy. Back to square one.

That gap — the five or 10 years between when a dictator’s reforms become irreversible and the number of years he’ll have in power — is the fatal problem of dictatorships.

There is no known workaround. No way of making reforms permanent in a shorter time frame. And no way of hanging on in power longer to protect his reforms.

The system itself prevents a dictatorship from delivering. For that we must be grateful.

Then there’s the other side. The PPP rose in the ’60s, the MQM in the late ’70s/early ’80s, the PML-N as we know it in the early 1990s. The latest is the PTI.

The actual remarkable fact of Pakistani politics is the steady pace at which new options have emerged, roughly one big party every decade or so.

Arguably, if it hadn’t been for the Musharraf years, the PTI would have crested before the Oct 2011 Lahore earthquake. And now the succession struggle in the PML-N could trigger a new party in Punjab.

Politics is not the closed, fundamentally rigged system it is made out to be; new options keep emerging. For all we know, democratic continuity could accelerate the arrival of new political parties and politics.

Flawed as they all are, the PTI, PML-N, PPP and MQM represent reasonable political choice. Add in the rise of new parties or new leaderships and it would look fairly competitive. A degree of political self-cleansing may become possible.

But enough of the pragmatic and the romantic. It’ll be back to drama, conspiracy and crisis soon enough.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 29th, 2017

Turf war

The writer is a member of staff.

ANOTHER week, another attempted nudge out the door. Either they won’t learn or he won’t listen. But on it keeps grinding.

Let’s talk about Nawaz.

You can see what the Shahbaz camp is up to. Shahbaz wants Islamabad and Hamza has done the hard work of preparing for party inheritance.

Father has spent a decade running around Punjab delivering the kind of development that wins votes; son has patiently learned the art of party management and constituency politics.

The miserable and shambolic legal defence at this stage can surely only lead to one outcome.

Fun as that may be, it’s not Islamabad and not No 1.

So, try they had to. In any case, political regicide and fratricide are embedded in the politics of Punjab. If it was always a question of when, more interesting is the question of why now.

The reasons, big and small, are not very difficult to assemble.

Nawaz was out of the country and distracted. If you’re going to poke a lion, do it while he’s far away and unable to respond immediately. Imagine Nawaz had been in Lahore.

Elder brother could have just called over younger brother and let the TV cameras show up too. Shahbaz has an unfortunate way of, at least on camera, cowering in his brother’s presence.

Hardly the kind of thing that inspires party insurgents.

The window of opportunity was small. Nawaz is coming back and may escalate his war with what they’re euphemistically calling institutions — the weaker one is just a front for the eternal one, in Nawaz’s mind.

Nawaz and Maryam were indicted — the big one. Indictment was an inevitability — you don’t need to know anything about anything to know they were at least going to be put on trial — but it is still a jolt.

We’re into slightly different terrain now.

Nawaz has learned nothing, at least not when it comes to legal strategy. Through all the Supreme Court hearings, there was an obvious question: what the hell are they doing?

Even as Nawaz was slow-walked to ouster, it wasn’t obvious why the Sharifs’ legal strategy was so miserable and shambolic.

A best guess is a combination of arrogance and a conviction that extra-judicial forces would salvage a favourable outcome. Nawaz should have learned by now.

Except he doesn’t seem to have.

The accountability court is shaping up as a virtual replay of earlier proceedings. The miserable and shambolic legal defence at this stage can surely only lead to one outcome.

Historians will be able to figure out why Nawaz and Maryam are being so careless; for Shahbaz, Hamza and co, it’s enough that the other side is being reckless.

Elections are closer. In 2008, Shahbaz dare not even dream. In 2013, he thought he should be invited to Islamabad. In 2018, it’s a near-right, and possibly now-or-never.

Shahbaz and Hamza have to fight.

This business of south Punjab in an insurrectionist mood also fits in nicely. Ahead of an election, south Punjab always has to agitate. It’s the only time they’re taken seriously and it’s the phase in which to win grand promises.

With party leadership also possibly being contested, south Punjab knows it has to make the maximum racket. Maximal demands at this stage could lead to a greater minimum conceded after the election.

Put all of that together and you can figure out the Shahbaz assault and the Nawaz wobble.

Nawaz is weak, with a weak hand and a weak-ish successor. If you didn’t think this is the time to strike, you’d have no business being in politics.

But there is the other side — Nawaz.

We’ve already seen he can catastrophically miscalculate, so there’s no point ascribing an omniscience or great foresight to him. But if he’s still fighting, we have to assume he still thinks he can win.

Why?

One guess, shared by others close to him, is that Nawaz is not actually trying to re-coronate himself. He doesn’t want to be a fourth-term PM.

Instead, the theory is, by threatening to force his way back in Nawaz is hoping to reach a new kind of adjustment: the party will remain his; Maryam will be the successor; and, in return, the boys will back off.

The problem — for Nawaz — is that that assumes the boys see a difference between Nawaz and Maryam. Need, and desperation, may make Nawaz want to believe that, but it’s not necessarily evident that Maryam would be an acceptable replacement.

The other possibility is more vintage Nawaz: the boys daren’t take over and PML-N will get to the election unscathed enough to win a fresh dose of political capital.

That gels with Nawaz’s relatively casual approach before being ousted and his more belligerent tone since.

If you think the boys aren’t willing to go beyond behind-the-scenes games and pull the plug on the system, then why act like you think they will?

There is also a third possibility: the nuclear option. Pushed hard enough and Nawaz could decide to trigger a coup. No one seriously doubts the boys won’t do it if they decide it has become necessary.

The boys both can and — may.

If you’re Nawaz, back to the wall, humiliated, hounded, even the right to make decisions in your own family denied — the ultimate insult — there’s always the final option.

Let them take over.

Because at that point we’re all back to square one. The countdown to the ouster of the next dictator will have begun. And the inevitable resurrection of the PML-N will have started.

That’s the problem with turf wars: none of the players themselves necessarily lose. Only we, the average Pakistanis, do.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 22nd, 2017

Much ado

The writer is a member of staff.

SOMETHING old, something new and something definitely blue — much happened this week. You can decide which is which.

But what does it all mean?

Let’s start with this hostage business. It’s right out of the crisis playbook: find something you can offer the other side so that both sides can come out looking good and saying nice things about each other.

Good for the young family freed though. If there’s anything everyone can agree on it’s that the family was being held against its will and there are few things as hellish as that captivity.

But the episode is revealing in other ways.

One, the trust deficit is enormous and perhaps even unbridgeable. A young family rescued is the kind of thing the media and officialdom find irresistible, but it doesn’t move the needle much in terms of the overall relationship.

If anything, that this was the gesture chosen or agreed on suggests how far apart the two sides still are; in years past, they’d have droned a big-time militant or two.

Two, the story has privately irritated the boys here. Whether the family crossed over recently or had long been here, a recovery on Pakistani soil is proof of exactly what we’ve been denying: sanctuaries on this side of the border.

Why the hell did the Americans not do something when the family was on Afghan soil is the question being asked. Behind the positive public spin lie darker private mutterings: they — the Americans — are out to make us look bad any way they can.

Three, the Haqqani angle. That it lives on — the US obsession with the Haqqanis, that is — is a danger sign. It is an American military obsession, one not widely shared by its diplomats.

The theory is that the Haqqanis’ links to Al Qaeda, the military casualties the Haqqanis have inflicted, a need for a military scapegoat or some combination of the three has created an American military obsession with the Haqqanis.

Why did the Americans not do something when the family was on Afghan soil is the question being asked.

That the gesture chosen involved the Haqqanis does not bode well — it suggests a continuing American obsession that the Pakistani side is unwilling or unable to accommodate in meaningful ways.

On to a dangerous clown of a different kind — the son-in-law, Safdar.

It was simultaneously an offensive and defensive move, and its repercussions could be severe. First, the offensive dimension: against the boys.

For all the dabbling in mainstreaming and surreptitious support and the like, there is a red line: don’t meddle with the institution itself, and sure as hell not if you’re an outsider.

While that’s always been the case, the counter-insurgency and counterterrorism campaigns have infused a new urgency.

When both sides in a battle shout the same slogans and you need to convince your side that they are on the right side of the war, you don’t want anything to undermine cohesion and purpose.

Safdar’s tirade is deeply uncomfortable because it threatened a religious debate in the very institution where total unity and commitment to the fight against militancy is needed.

And whether it was a mindless tirade or a cynical one, it was made all the worse by familial ties.

But there is a defensive dimension too. NA-120 and the oath controversy in the electoral amendments have combined to present a formula to prise away the N-League’s right-wing support.

With the Sharifs at war with institutions and the PTI having far from faded, the N-League already knew the next election would be an almighty struggle. Then a vulnerability on the party’s right flank emerged.

Outside polite company, in the trenches of constituency warfare, the rank and file and candidates work with hard reality. If religious poison is being used against you, then you spray some of your own around to try and insulate yourself.

The party leadership also understands that. So even if some were alarmed by the tirade and its offensive dimension, they know the speech may have saved the party some votes.

Politics is seldom less than ugly.

On to the final bit: ruminations about the economy. The boys know as much about the economy as a civilian neophyte does about the order of battle. Basically, not very much.

The bit about the tax base is a nice little example. The boys feel they are on firm ground there because their vast commercial empire pays a tremendous — tens of billions of rupees a year! — amount of tax.

Since they’re on firm ground, their criticism must be heeded as legitimate.

Except the vast majority of the billions collected are sales or indirect taxes — tax that is paid by the consumer and merely deposited in the national kitty on the consumer’s behalf by the producer.

If pressed, there is a response: well, at least we’re passing it on. The implication being that other sectors routinely don’t. So the boys are still in a position to give economic advice.

But that still doesn’t change the depressing implications of the overall rudimentary economic understanding: if they take over, what they think is good policy will become policy.

There is also the old ploy: public commentary as a helpful nudge. With the active service wholly dependent on state funding, a crisis of state finances is a potential squeeze on military outlay.

Since that is unacceptable, a nudge or two is sometimes needed. The civilians are more than happy to write a cheque or two if it’ll make the problem go away. After all, it’s not like it’s either of their money.

Something old, something new and something blue. You decide which is which.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 15th, 2017

Coup talk

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE’S a template for a coup and it goes something like this. The government is paralysed, Nawaz is on the warpath, the boys have had enough, the chief moves in.

Good enough for before, good enough for again.

Throw in a bit of anti-US and anti-India hysteria and you may even wonder why we haven’t already had a coup.

But the story has deviated a bit. No one seems to be cheering on the only chap who can pull the trigger.

It’s as if we still have a new chief; a fresher still finding his feet.

What’s really needed is an institutional intervention, folk are suggesting. This is bigger than any individual, folk are cautioning. Many will have to work together if the country is to be saved, they are advising.

It’s as if no one wants the chief to become chief executive.

Something is off. Rewind to Kayani and his ascent some 11 years ago; a reluctant transfer of military power by Musharraf in the midst of a desperate struggle to cling to political power.

It took a while for Kayani to settle in and assert control. There were the snide remarks about the son of a JCO not being the best fit for the most prestigious post in the land.

There were questions about whether a direct move from the ISI to GHQ was a sound idea. There were murmurs of favouritism for political reasons and debates about whether Musharraf had been conned.

Kayani eventually overcame all of that. But he had to work at it. Hard.

He declared a Year of the Soldier. He won over the troops with pay raises and focusing on military matters. He cultivated the media. He developed a professional mystique — the thinking soldier.

And he eventually figured out how to navigate institutional factions and political circles to the point that pulled off the greatest of cons, a second term for himself.

More than a decade later, the stain of the second term and political tumult at the time of his ascension have obscured the original reality: Kayani had an uncertain start as chief.

But then came Raheel. And the script was replayed.

Raheel too took a while to settle in and assert control. His pedigree was impeccable but his intellect was questioned. Why had a mediocre general superseded at least one perfectly good candidate and been picked ahead of a couple of quality options below him?

Was he the right man for the job? He wasn’t going to be Nawaz’s man, but had Nawaz figured out that apolitical was all that he needed in his war against Imran?

As the original dharna neared, the doubts deepened and the dissent threatened to spill out into the open. Rumours of a cabal of generals trying to pressure their boss into doing their bidding were unleashed.

Like Kayani before him, Raheel eventually overcame all of that. But he too had to work at it. Hard.

After an uncertain 10 months or so, Raheel figured out that to be king you had to make sure people knew you were king and feared you as a king. The cult of Raheel began to be born.

Operation Zarb-i-Azb was its crown jewel and ThankYouRaheelSharif its tagline.

And now to the problem. The same thing has happened with Bajwa. He came in under a cloud of suspicion. How had number six been elevated to number one? Why were Nawaz and co so sure he would be their man?

To the suspicions was added a bit of aggravation. There had been an heir apparent. He was thought to have Raheel’s support and was a favourite of the troops.

He had the right credentials, the right reputation and the right approach. But he was wronged; humiliatingly superseded for no other reason than civilian cherry-picking.

And perhaps most of all for the unlucky Bajwa, he’s had to deal with the shadow of Raheel and the seemingly never-ending strength of his faction.

Still, nothing that could not be overcome. And nothing fundamentally different to what Kayani and Raheel had to endure.

The problem: the chief doesn’t seem to be overcoming his uncertain start.

There’s a political war out there, a foreign crisis brewing in Afghanistan and DC, and institutions under attack. That’s the kind of stuff out of which reputations are made.

Even better, all the events have been slow-moving and relatively easy to predict. Ten months in, it was set up rather nicely.

Chief becomes more assertive, a fawning public and braying media exhorts him to do more and then — the chief either decides to let democracy continue out of the goodness of his heart or goes in for the kill.

Except, this time no one seems to be cheering on the only chap who can pull the trigger. It’s as if no one wants the chief to become chief executive. It’s as if we still have a new chief; a fresher still finding his feet.

Something is off. And it may not be good for any of us.

The best-case scenario is a chief who is sure he can’t take over, whether he wants to or not. We’re clearly no longer in that terrain.

The next best thing is a chief who is sure he can take over, but doesn’t want to take over. If we were blessed, that’s where we’d be right now.

But in the realm of a chief who everyone thinks is too soft to take over and in any case don’t want him to take over?

We may be tempting the gods.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 8th, 2017

Uncertainty

The writer is a member of staff.

THEY came this far only to let him sneak back in? It doesn’t make any sense. It’s like the gang that can’t shoot straight. So back, again, we must go to the beginning.

Why did the attack happen?

Between the silliness of this being about accountability and the space that Nawaz has to fight back, there lies a probable explanation.

Nawaz got knocked out because the system was on autopilot, the ones who could save him neutralised by his own stupidity.

He got knocked out because the system was on autopilot, the ones who could save him neutralised by his own stupidity.

Go back to when it had started to become clear that Panama wouldn’t get settled under the previous CJP.

Carried away by the opportunity to play saviour, Anwar Jamali had dragged the judiciary into a mess from which there was no obvious exit.

So he did the next best thing and exited himself — retiring on schedule. But the opening had been achieved; the system had something to work with.

The first trick was to neutralise the successor, the current CJP.

An upright jurist by all accounts with no interests in games and shenanigans, he couldn’t be a good custodian of the political fate of Nawaz. What if he went by the book?

So he was forced out of the picture. The reasons are several, but one was the silliness of the N-League.

There’s two basic rules about the CJP: he must retire at 65 and his successor is automatically selected on the basis of seniority.

The first is to prevent a crusading type from terrorising the system in perpetuity; the second to prevent the pols from fiddling around with the judiciary.

In the turmoil of last November, with Nawaz at war with a different chief resisting retirement and the court scheduled for a change of command in the midst of the Panama hearings, the N-League made it known it was looking forward to December.

The implication being that with the double change in command, among the boys and in the court, Nawaz’s legal troubles would recede.

That stupidity by the PML-N — the next CJP is a good man, wink, wink — helped the system get the incoming CJP out of the way.

So instead of the Panama hearings being handed off from one CJP to the next, the successor had to step aside under carefully manufactured pressure.

A more muscular, more aggressive judicial approach had been fashioned.

Then came mistakes number two and three. Under pressure in the court, Nawaz and the N-League did what they do best — they acted like they are above the system.

There was no need for a methodical legal defence or sophisticated legal manoeuvring when the system could be brought to heel in other ways.

The chief is a good guy. So is the DGI. Not like the last chaps. Everything will be all right. That was the N-League’s not-so-subtle early message.

But the only thing worse than a chief who is at war with you is a chief who you act like you own.

Because it creates an institutionally intolerable position for him.

As the system ground on, as the court bristled at Nawaz and co’s casual attitude and demeaning approach, as the JIT farce unfolded, the problem became apparent.

Even if he wanted to save Nawaz, could he afford to?

The system had been amped up to deafening. The missteps in court had created an impression that the Sharifs had something to hide. The propaganda on TV and online was violent and shrill; they weren’t going to stop until they had a head.

If Nawaz was going to be saved, it would take an almighty effort. Was he worth it?

The answer was obvious.

The arrogance and stupidity of the N-League had made it easier. The only duo who could possibly save Nawaz had been neutralised by the N-League’s suggestion that the duo would eventually save him.

The system was on autopilot and the system had Nawaz in its sights.

If you can believe any of that, you may be able to explain the current uncertainty. Nawaz is gone, but he’s not. The N-League is doomed, but it’s not. The system seems to swing wildly from confrontation to conciliation, week to week and even day to day.

The explanation: at the very top, at the level at which he could have been saved, there is ambivalence about keeping Nawaz out. That’s creating the space and uncertainty for Nawaz to try and force his way back in.

But the problem is that he’s just recently been forced out. To force his way back in will create the same doubts and suspicions that forced the ones who could have saved him, and may have been inclined to save him, to the sidelines in the first place.

It’s possible that in a second round, with the ones who could do the saving settled in, they will be able to exert their will on the system more.

But that would depend on two things.

First, Nawaz and co cleaning up their act and ditching a lifetime’s habit of acting like you own people and berating them for not doing what’s expected-slash-demanded of them.

That itself could be a step too far.

And then there’s the other problem: is Nawaz worth re-accomodating in the system? Even if there’s stuff to be done that may require a civilian partner, is Nawaz willing to play partner and not act like he’s boss?

It doesn’t make any sense.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 1st, 2017

Uncertainty

The writer is a member of staff.

THEY came this far only to let him sneak back in? It doesn’t make any sense. It’s like the gang that can’t shoot straight. So back, again, we must go to the beginning.

Why did the attack happen?

Between the silliness of this being about accountability and the space that Nawaz has to fight back, there lies a probable explanation.

Nawaz got knocked out because the system was on autopilot, the ones who could save him neutralised by his own stupidity.

He got knocked out because the system was on autopilot, the ones who could save him neutralised by his own stupidity.

Go back to when it had started to become clear that Panama wouldn’t get settled under the previous CJP.

Carried away by the opportunity to play saviour, Anwar Jamali had dragged the judiciary into a mess from which there was no obvious exit.

So he did the next best thing and exited himself — retiring on schedule. But the opening had been achieved; the system had something to work with.

The first trick was to neutralise the successor, the current CJP.

An upright jurist by all accounts with no interests in games and shenanigans, he couldn’t be a good custodian of the political fate of Nawaz. What if he went by the book?

So he was forced out of the picture. The reasons are several, but one was the silliness of the N-League.

There’s two basic rules about the CJP: he must retire at 65 and his successor is automatically selected on the basis of seniority.

The first is to prevent a crusading type from terrorising the system in perpetuity; the second to prevent the pols from fiddling around with the judiciary.

In the turmoil of last November, with Nawaz at war with a different chief resisting retirement and the court scheduled for a change of command in the midst of the Panama hearings, the N-League made it known it was looking forward to December.

The implication being that with the double change in command, among the boys and in the court, Nawaz’s legal troubles would recede.

That stupidity by the PML-N — the next CJP is a good man, wink, wink — helped the system get the incoming CJP out of the way.

So instead of the Panama hearings being handed off from one CJP to the next, the successor had to step aside under carefully manufactured pressure.

A more muscular, more aggressive judicial approach had been fashioned.

Then came mistakes number two and three. Under pressure in the court, Nawaz and the N-League did what they do best — they acted like they are above the system.

There was no need for a methodical legal defence or sophisticated legal manoeuvring when the system could be brought to heel in other ways.

The chief is a good guy. So is the DGI. Not like the last chaps. Everything will be all right. That was the N-League’s not-so-subtle early message.

But the only thing worse than a chief who is at war with you is a chief who you act like you own.

Because it creates an institutionally intolerable position for him.

As the system ground on, as the court bristled at Nawaz and co’s casual attitude and demeaning approach, as the JIT farce unfolded, the problem became apparent.

Even if he wanted to save Nawaz, could he afford to?

The system had been amped up to deafening. The missteps in court had created an impression that the Sharifs had something to hide. The propaganda on TV and online was violent and shrill; they weren’t going to stop until they had a head.

If Nawaz was going to be saved, it would take an almighty effort. Was he worth it?

The answer was obvious.

The arrogance and stupidity of the N-League had made it easier. The only duo who could possibly save Nawaz had been neutralised by the N-League’s suggestion that the duo would eventually save him.

The system was on autopilot and the system had Nawaz in its sights.

If you can believe any of that, you may be able to explain the current uncertainty. Nawaz is gone, but he’s not. The N-League is doomed, but it’s not. The system seems to swing wildly from confrontation to conciliation, week to week and even day to day.

The explanation: at the very top, at the level at which he could have been saved, there is ambivalence about keeping Nawaz out. That’s creating the space and uncertainty for Nawaz to try and force his way back in.

But the problem is that he’s just recently been forced out. To force his way back in will create the same doubts and suspicions that forced the ones who could have saved him, and may have been inclined to save him, to the sidelines in the first place.

It’s possible that in a second round, with the ones who could do the saving settled in, they will be able to exert their will on the system more.

But that would depend on two things.

First, Nawaz and co cleaning up their act and ditching a lifetime’s habit of acting like you own people and berating them for not doing what’s expected-slash-demanded of them.

That itself could be a step too far.

And then there’s the other problem: is Nawaz worth re-accomodating in the system? Even if there’s stuff to be done that may require a civilian partner, is Nawaz willing to play partner and not act like he’s boss?

It doesn’t make any sense.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 1st, 2017

Gridlock

The writer is a member of staff.

AND uncertainty. Plenty of uncertainty. Are we back to 2013 or 2008? Or even 2002? The only thing that doesn’t seem likely is that 2018 will bring something new.

Let’s start in reverse.

The Lahore result has left matters looking awfully like 2013. Any fool can see that. Back then, the results were a surprise but not a shock.

The PML-N had been expected to finish first and the PTI to give it a run for its money — the only question was how close would they get.

For PTI believers, the dream itself seemed possible: a crumbling PPP vote bank, inert PML-N support and a wave of first-time voters breaking for PTI combining to deliver a historic victory.

A thumping N-League victory drove the PTI into angry denial, but for those willing to look, it was clear how narrow a path to a majority the PML-N had tread.

Forgotten now is the desperate campaigning between late April when tickets were finalised and Imran’s tumble from a dodgy forklift in a fog of heat and exhaustion just hours before the campaigns were set to close.

For three weeks, Nawaz campaigned like a man possessed; his aides claimed that had always been the plan, but nothing in his habits before or since suggested it was anything but the sudden fear of losing.

So forget the margin of victory and the howls of rigging that followed. If you’re number two, you can become number one — it’s a reality of a first-past-the-post system that any candidate who has travelled in either direction can tell you.

The closer the PTI gets to the PML-N in Punjab, the greater chance it has to overtake it next year — but that could still leave them splitting Punjab.

The dominance of the PML-N’s victory also obscured the ricketiness of its majority. The N-League is a one-province trick: to cling to power at the centre, it has to utterly sweep Punjab.

The next time round, in 2018, the N-League may get some help from KP. The province has refused to re-elect anyone this century and it’s switched from MMA to PPP/ANP to PTI so far.

So it should be the N-League’s turn — it’s the only one left after walking away from the chance in 2013. But the boost from KP, if it materialises, will still be marginal; KP divides its seats among several parties.

There’s also a new headache potentially for the PML-N: the census has nudged downwards Punjab’s share of the population, which can reduce its relative seat count.

The N-League will secretly be pleased the census is being disputed because it defers addressing the matter of readjusting provincial seat shares (already complicated by the possibility of a constitutional amendment being needed).

So, a two-way fight in Punjab with the winner taking all, just like in 2013 — sounds simple enough, right?

Possibly. Until you remember that 2013 had threatened to look like 2008 until the results poured in.

Back then, back in 2008, a PPP sympathy wave had failed to materialise, PML-N surged to unexpected gains and the PML-Q crumbled to third place — and a hung parliament was the result. It happened largely because Punjab was divided three ways.

BB’s assassination and unhappiness with Musharraf severely depleted the Q-League’s vote, but ideological hesitation and the need to do Nawaz a favour for failing him in 1999 meant the Punjabi voter swung to the N-League, not the PPP.

The next time round, in 2018, a three-way split of a different kind is possible.

The closer the PTI gets to the PML-N in Punjab, the greater chance it has to overtake it next year — but that could still leave them splitting Punjab rather than the PTI dominating Punjab like the N-League did in 2013.

With the two of them sharing bits and bobs from the other provinces, that would still leave untouched Zardari in Sindh — a hefty rural majority in a province with no obvious challenger.

So, a kind of replay of 2008 would look something like this: either Nawaz or Imran having the largest share in parliament, but short of a majority; and Zardari emerging as kingmaker of sorts, running a distant but vital third.

You can see why Zardari seems unperturbed even as the PPP panics. With the tables in Sindh reversed and the PPP potentially needed to balance out the MQM, Zardari has some cards to play.

A three-way national split in 2018 and another five years of coalition, then?

Possibly. Until you remember the 2002 election. Back then the boys had had enough after a decade of alternating PPP-PML-N.

Musharraf had already taken over and he wanted to continue past his referendum, so he carved out the PML-Q from the paralysed PPP and PML-N and fused it to your sundry ugly electables.

But a funny thing happened: the PML-Q fell short of a majority. It came close, damn close, but the magic number was missed. The N-League was decimated, but between the MMA and PPP a three-party house emerged.

Of course, with Musharraf’s support and the Q-League’s alacrity, it was pretty much the dictator’s way with a side of right-wing nakhras by the MMA.

What’s that got to do with 2018?

Well, Nawaz doesn’t seem willing to sail off into the sunset and take his daughter and wife with him. And if there’s anyone who’s reviled more than Nawaz, it’s Zardari.

So why not the boys resurrect their political cell and set it to do a bit of rearranging? The PTI is available and willing, the N-League and PPP vulnerable to carving — and the veneer of democracy potentially preventing total engineering.

Maybe 2002 isn’t such a fantasy after all? It may be the only way to break the gridlock in 2018.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 24th, 2017

Gridlock

The writer is a member of staff.

AND uncertainty. Plenty of uncertainty. Are we back to 2013 or 2008? Or even 2002? The only thing that doesn’t seem likely is that 2018 will bring something new.

Let’s start in reverse.

The Lahore result has left matters looking awfully like 2013. Any fool can see that. Back then, the results were a surprise but not a shock.

The PML-N had been expected to finish first and the PTI to give it a run for its money — the only question was how close would they get.

For PTI believers, the dream itself seemed possible: a crumbling PPP vote bank, inert PML-N support and a wave of first-time voters breaking for PTI combining to deliver a historic victory.

A thumping N-League victory drove the PTI into angry denial, but for those willing to look, it was clear how narrow a path to a majority the PML-N had tread.

Forgotten now is the desperate campaigning between late April when tickets were finalised and Imran’s tumble from a dodgy forklift in a fog of heat and exhaustion just hours before the campaigns were set to close.

For three weeks, Nawaz campaigned like a man possessed; his aides claimed that had always been the plan, but nothing in his habits before or since suggested it was anything but the sudden fear of losing.

So forget the margin of victory and the howls of rigging that followed. If you’re number two, you can become number one — it’s a reality of a first-past-the-post system that any candidate who has travelled in either direction can tell you.

The closer the PTI gets to the PML-N in Punjab, the greater chance it has to overtake it next year — but that could still leave them splitting Punjab.

The dominance of the PML-N’s victory also obscured the ricketiness of its majority. The N-League is a one-province trick: to cling to power at the centre, it has to utterly sweep Punjab.

The next time round, in 2018, the N-League may get some help from KP. The province has refused to re-elect anyone this century and it’s switched from MMA to PPP/ANP to PTI so far.

So it should be the N-League’s turn — it’s the only one left after walking away from the chance in 2013. But the boost from KP, if it materialises, will still be marginal; KP divides its seats among several parties.

There’s also a new headache potentially for the PML-N: the census has nudged downwards Punjab’s share of the population, which can reduce its relative seat count.

The N-League will secretly be pleased the census is being disputed because it defers addressing the matter of readjusting provincial seat shares (already complicated by the possibility of a constitutional amendment being needed).

So, a two-way fight in Punjab with the winner taking all, just like in 2013 — sounds simple enough, right?

Possibly. Until you remember that 2013 had threatened to look like 2008 until the results poured in.

Back then, back in 2008, a PPP sympathy wave had failed to materialise, PML-N surged to unexpected gains and the PML-Q crumbled to third place — and a hung parliament was the result. It happened largely because Punjab was divided three ways.

BB’s assassination and unhappiness with Musharraf severely depleted the Q-League’s vote, but ideological hesitation and the need to do Nawaz a favour for failing him in 1999 meant the Punjabi voter swung to the N-League, not the PPP.

The next time round, in 2018, a three-way split of a different kind is possible.

The closer the PTI gets to the PML-N in Punjab, the greater chance it has to overtake it next year — but that could still leave them splitting Punjab rather than the PTI dominating Punjab like the N-League did in 2013.

With the two of them sharing bits and bobs from the other provinces, that would still leave untouched Zardari in Sindh — a hefty rural majority in a province with no obvious challenger.

So, a kind of replay of 2008 would look something like this: either Nawaz or Imran having the largest share in parliament, but short of a majority; and Zardari emerging as kingmaker of sorts, running a distant but vital third.

You can see why Zardari seems unperturbed even as the PPP panics. With the tables in Sindh reversed and the PPP potentially needed to balance out the MQM, Zardari has some cards to play.

A three-way national split in 2018 and another five years of coalition, then?

Possibly. Until you remember the 2002 election. Back then the boys had had enough after a decade of alternating PPP-PML-N.

Musharraf had already taken over and he wanted to continue past his referendum, so he carved out the PML-Q from the paralysed PPP and PML-N and fused it to your sundry ugly electables.

But a funny thing happened: the PML-Q fell short of a majority. It came close, damn close, but the magic number was missed. The N-League was decimated, but between the MMA and PPP a three-party house emerged.

Of course, with Musharraf’s support and the Q-League’s alacrity, it was pretty much the dictator’s way with a side of right-wing nakhras by the MMA.

What’s that got to do with 2018?

Well, Nawaz doesn’t seem willing to sail off into the sunset and take his daughter and wife with him. And if there’s anyone who’s reviled more than Nawaz, it’s Zardari.

So why not the boys resurrect their political cell and set it to do a bit of rearranging? The PTI is available and willing, the N-League and PPP vulnerable to carving — and the veneer of democracy potentially preventing total engineering.

Maybe 2002 isn’t such a fantasy after all? It may be the only way to break the gridlock in 2018.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 24th, 2017

The system goes quiet

The writer is a member of staff.

IF he shuts up, they shut up. It’s what it seems to come down to. Because there was, and remains, a bit of a mystery at the heart of the ouster.

If it was about accountability, accountability was already dead. The London apartments are from the ’90s, as was everything directly against Zardari.

In a decade of democracy, there’s nothing new that’s come up. The iqama is new, but the embarrassment of having to hang an ouster on it has forced attention away from it.

And, it seems, as long as Nawaz is willing to shut up — and possibly stay out of the country — they’re willing to shut up too.

If it was about the judiciary asserting its primacy, other recent events with the judiciary and among lawyers have demonstrated that it’s business as ugly usual.

Sure, if you’re the PM, you’ve got to worry about the courts, but the courts don’t seem particularly keen on bringing the iron hammer of the law down in areas far and wide.

If it was about the boys wanting to get their way, it wasn’t like anyone was stopping them from getting their way anyway. There’s nothing that Nawaz had actually won against them.

And they had clearly figured out how to contain him. Better, then, to leave the dagger hanging above him than to plunge it in.

From inside the system, Nawaz had an obvious interest in stability and continuity. From outside, you risk him becoming a loose cannon and keeping everything uncertain and unstable.

The fierce, angry polemics in the immediate aftermath of the ouster and the GT Road defiance demonstrated the danger.

But then things went quiet.

The braying and bleating lot on TV suddenly turned low energy. The next phase of the Sharifs’ legal woes got off to an uncertain start. The wild threats to national security quietly receded.

Seven weeks since the biggest shake up in decades of civilian political history, it’s like we didn’t just lose a PM. It’s almost like we never had Nawaz.

Part of it is likely Kulsoom’s illness. You can’t have a slashing, bitter contest when the biggest candidate, an elderly woman no less, is getting emergency cancer treatment.

Part of it is likely IK. He doesn’t like sharing the PTI spotlight and so the party candidate has had to toil in relative national anonymity.

Part of it is the Sharif family drama. The Shahbaz side is sulking and plotting; Maryam is finding her political feet; and the party is worried and frozen, unsure of who will lead them into next year’s election.

But it still doesn’t quite add up.

Until you factor in one more thing: Nawaz has shut up. He’s out of the country and he’s not talking. And, it seems, as long as Nawaz is willing to shut up — and possibly stay out of the country — they’re willing to shut up too.

If you’re willing to be adventurous, you can even guess that they’re telegraphing a message to Nawaz: look, we’re not trying to hurt you and we don’t want to do anything more than what’s happened.

Keep your billions, enjoy your apartments, hang out with your grandkids and look after the wife. Just put some distance between yourself and Pakistan and the PML-N and everything can be all right.

If he shuts up, they shut up.

The sceptic will see that it’s already a case of mission accomplished. We have, in effect, a technocratic, apolitical prime minister. He’s unobtrusive, stays in his lane and is non-threatening.

The sceptic will note that minus Nawaz there is no real PML-N, not in a sense of seriously challenging anything that the boys care about.

The avoid-confrontation-with-institutions silliness of some in the PML-N is just code for doing business, carving up the state between the boys and the civilians to the satisfaction of both and the misery of the people.

But there seems something more, something personal, with Nawaz.

The civilians had the temerity recently to speak of past national sins and the need to move the state off the path of non-state jihad, and it barely elicited a response from the boys and their proxies in the media.

If Nawaz did that, well, we’ve seen what happened.

So cooperation with the civilians on civilian priorities that the boys may grudgingly recognise as the right choice is not entirely ruled out. Only with Nawaz.

What is it about Nawaz?

It seems to be about personality — what they think of him and what they believe he thinks of them.

Nawaz with his base in Punjab and mind set on peace with India is a policy-politics threat that would always have to be managed. But the old and well-known are also the well-understood and expertly countered.

So maybe what drove them over the edge was that Nawaz acted like he was above them, better than them. His dislike, arguably contempt, for judges and generals was on full display in his last year in office.

See, the Panama hearings and the Raheel exit.

So when he was at their mercy, there was none to be had. Nawaz got done to him what he probably fantasised about doing to judges and generals, if he had the power.

And now, with him gone and, at least temporarily, having shut up, they are showing they are better than him by giving him an option: if he shuts up, they shut up.

So the weirdest ouster among the many ousters we’ve had has already given way to business as ugly usual.

Accountability is dead, the courts seemed uninterested in extending their primacy far and wide, and the boys get to have their way and look conciliatory too.

If he shuts up, they shut up.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 17th, 2017

What are they worth?

The writer is a member of staff.

THE excitement is dismaying. Trump’s bluster didn’t move the needle much because everyone’s figured out that the Americans aren’t going to threaten their way to a new reality in Afghanistan or Pakistan.

But when China and Russia add their voice, it’s new and interesting. These guys don’t care about woolly notions of peace and democracy. They believe in strength; finding it, rewarding it and getting it to do things for them.

And here they are, adding their voices to the right side of the defining question of modern Pakistan. The question is simple, the answer anything but:

What will make them listen?

Short of winning Kashmir and grabbing Afghanistan. What will make them — the boys — listen? Listen preferably to the logic of what’s right. Listen to the logic of what’s good for Pakistan. Or listen simply to the logic of power.

The excitement is dismaying.

Because hope in the effect of chastening words by China and Russia is miserable recognition that they will not listen to us, you and me, the ordinary people of Pakistan.

Our hopes, our aspirations, our idea of what this country should be are permanently subordinate to an institution’s definition of the national interest.

But no point getting hung up on that. What is, is and what will be, will be. If their, the institution’s, good is not our good, then whatever works to get the two to align. Even if that means China and Russia.

Can it work though?

The possibility is premised on two notions: that Pakistan needs, or maybe craves, their, especially China’s, approval; and that China and Russia are implacably and irreversibly opposed to jihad.

When China and Russia add their voice, it’s new and interesting. These guys don’t care about woolly notions of peace and democracy.

It makes a kind of sense. States by definition are not fans of non-states. They may use, facilitate and direct them on occasion, but a strong state can’t comfortably coexist with non-states, especially in the same physical space and double especially in the homeland itself.

Triply, if you’re China or Russia.

So the combination of Pakistan’s friendship with and proximity to China and aspirations for friendship with and relative proximity to Russia suggest that what America could not coerce or bribe its way to, the China-Russia nexus may.

The excitement is dismaying.

The calculation is straightforward enough: at what point will the cost of hanging on to the anti-Afghan and anti-India jihadis exceed the benefits that the boys perceive?

For the sake of the excitement, let’s assume the Chinese and Russians are willing to eventually raise the cost on Pakistan. In terms of positive incentives — rewards — that China in particular could withhold.

Or pressure from the rest of the outside world that China may hesitate to shield us from. Or, in the fantasy scenario, direct pressure that China and Russia may bring to bear eventually.

Wouldn’t Pakistan respond in the right way then?

Maybe. But maybe definitely not. The problem with focusing on escalating costs that the outside world can impose on us is that it avoids — for good, obvious reasons — an honest conversation about what the jihadis mean to us.

That’s the reason the excitement is dismaying.

The standard argument goes something like this. First, Zia arrived out of nowhere and screwed it up for all of us. Then the Cold War went hot in our backyard and we ended up doing stupid things.

But just as were done doing stupid things in Afghanistan, the Indians mucked about in Kashmir and that gave us another idea.

So when Afghanistan became a mess again, because doing stupid stuff there had worked before and by now we were afraid of Indian retaliation, we did more stupid stuff.

Eventually, we were consumed by the very fires we had lit, before we woke up and waged a great internal war that has won us a hard-fought peace and stability.

Accidental, unwilling, not our fault, instrumentalist, understandable, never really ideological — it’s a good story. But parse its foundations.

The excitement is dismaying.

Start with the original sinner: Zia. If Zia had not existed, can we be sure a Zia would never exist? And, perhaps more relevantly, because Zia did exist what has that done for the possibility of another Zia existing?

If that’s troubling and esoteric, switch to the other end of the tale. The argument is that a decade of fighting jihadis will have made us realise that there’s an inevitability to all of them turning on us, so dismantling has to happen before.

But there’s something counterintuitive about war and fighting: the ones who’ve done it the most aren’t necessarily eager for more.

The idea that the experience with the TTP will translate into pre-emptive action against the rest may be less realistic than the possibility the experience with the TTP will be repeated.

Years of pursuing peace until the always inevitable fight becomes bigger, messier and uglier.

Or stick to the in-between portions of the story. After we arrived, accidentally or however, at the realisation that stupid stuff works, we have to admit — it really works.

For proof, just look at how it makes India and Afghanistan howl.

Mumbai matches, maybe dwarfs, Kargil in Indian reaction points. Non-states obsess Afghanistan to the point, seemingly, of insanity. LeT and Jaish loom larger in the Indian imagination than Pakistani nukes.

So when Russia and China add their voice, it is new and interesting.

But before we can figure out how much — if at all — they are willing to raise the cost on us for shielding our jihadis, we need to know exactly what the jihadis are worth to us.

The excitement is dismaying.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 10th, 2017

A militarised state

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE’S nothing like a dose of patriotism and nationalism to muddle the senses. We’ve just been told what kind of country Pakistan will be, but all we can think is, Trump said what?

How dare he!

Well, dare Trump did and on we’ve cheered our boys for thundering back. We’ve shown him! Except, they — the boys — have shown us. Shown us what kind of country Pakistan will be.

The third option, Imran, has shown no interest in articulating a vision incompatible with a militarised state.

And it ain’t pretty.

The good thing about a pushover PM is that the boys can tell us exactly what they think. And tell us that they did in the NSC meeting stuffed to the gills with the uniformed lot.

Excited by a punchy response to yet another bellicose, ungrateful American president, most missed the clearest public articulation yet of Pakistan’s priorities in Afghanistan.

The “core issues” for Pakistan, in the words of the NSC, are four: “eliminating safe havens inside Afghanistan, border management, return of refugees and reinvigorating the peace process for a political settlement in Afghanistan”.

Now work through what that means.

There will, most evidently, be a permanent role for the Taliban in Afghanistan. Nothing new or surprising there. But embedded in a permanent role for the Taliban in Afghanistan has always been an uncomfortable question:

How do we stop them, the Taliban, from infecting Pakistan, especially the Pakhtun belt, and from allowing Afghanistan to become a base for the anti-Pakistan militant lot?

Basically, the nuttiness of having as a permanent neighbour a rabid Islamist lot that has tasted the blood of two superpowers and knows nothing but jihad is a question we’ve always deferred answering.

Because America. And the war on terror. And, of course, India.

But now we’ve laid out a template.

The answer is this: we’ll eventually chuck out all Afghans from Pakistan and seal the border with Afghanistan. That’ll prevent Pakistan from being infected by the Taliban.

And in the meantime, we’ll get Afghanistan and America to eliminate the anti-Pak sanctuaries. That’ll mean no anti-Pak militant problem for the Taliban to have to figure out — or be sympathetic too — when they eventually return to power.

Two countries, one non-porous border; the Taliban pottering around Afghanistan doing Taliban stuff, Pakistan going about its business of becoming a regional superpower.

You can believe that. Or you can believe what it’ll really mean:

Pakistan dealing with the perpetual fallout of having a rabid Islamist lot dominant in its backyard, with close ties to swathes of the Pakistani people and sympathies for radical causes inside Pakistan.

Now what could go wrong with that?

But a militarised future of the state doesn’t necessarily exercise the mind when past and present have also been a militarised state. Better, then, to shake a fist at Trump.

Except, it doesn’t end there. Crazy is as crazy does and only a fool would ever expect Pakistan to be a normal state and society when it is surrounded by threats and enemies.

The problem is, the militarised state also seems intent on another round of social engineering. Think a militarised state married to a soft form of social Islamism.

Because along with the Taliban/Afghanistan stuff, we’ve learned two other things recently.

The first is that democracy is dead. Dead in the sense of challenging a militarised state. The PPP has been banished to Sindh and Zardari cut down to size; Nawaz is in the process of being whittled down.

The third option, Imran, has shown no interest in articulating a vision incompatible with a militarised state.

Of course, that will not hold forever. The logic of power and politics means a civilian challenger will eventually appear. But that could be a generational wait, and the wait for success longer.

For now, we’re done.

The other recent signal has been on the anti-India lot. For their discipline and loyalty in not attacking the Pakistani state, the anti-India lot have always been in line for a reward.

The reward: they will never be smashed. So when the time comes, the option has been between dissolving them back into society or repackaging them as more benign, palatable entities.

We’ve now been given the answer: the anti-India lot will be repackaged, repurposed and let loose in the political arena.

Electorally, it’s probably destined for failure. The militant does not really have an appetite for democracy. And for the laughs alone, there’s nothing like seeing a mullah or ex-chief spurned by the electorate.

But the political arena lends a credibility and legitimacy that the anti-India lot, for all the covert support they get, do not have.

Where they currently must rely on a climate of fear and behind-the-scenes arm-twisting to allow them to thrive, once you’re just another political party, you get to do stuff in the light of day, all day long.

If the anti-India lot merely end up cannibalising the ultra-right, religious vote in the country, we’ll probably be all right. An almost-like-for-like swap wouldn’t be too bad, given the religious right has remained on the electoral fringes.

But if they end up normalising jihad in the national discourse and, via the continued support of the militarised state, figure out a way to appeal to a broader public, all bets are off.

A militarised state married to a soft kind of social Islamism — really, what could go wrong?

The weird thing is, the militarised state is telling us that it is doing all of this. In plain words, directly and right in front of us.

But we’re too busy shaking a fist at Trump. And India. And Afghanistan.

There really is nothing like a dose of patriotism and nationalism to muddle the senses.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 27th, 2017

On life support

The writer is a member of staff.

AND now we wait. Wait for them to break him. Wait and see how they’ll do it. Wait and see what it’ll mean for the rest of us. Because Nawaz is trapped.

Trapped by himself.

There’s no need to pussyfoot around. Nawaz has no plan. He knows what he wants, but he doesn’t know how to get it. And neither of those things is good for — or even about — the rest of us.

From here, they’ve got him. Because Nawaz wants to cling on in a system that he doesn’t want to improve.

What Nawaz wants is obvious.

He wants the N-League to win the next election. That’s possible. He wants to find a way back into the system. That’s unlikely. And he wants Maryam to eventually succeed him. That’s the X factor in all of this.

The thing about political capital — which Nawaz has topped up with the GT Road tamasha — is that you have to know what to do with it.

Last weekend was a fork in the road. The fanciful path — the one to strengthening the democratic project — was if Nawaz had installed himself as an éminence grise, the wise old man of politics steering things from outside.

Look, the system isn’t working and we all know why, Nawaz could have said. I’m now out but here’s what you guys — my party, the other parties — can do to help fix things.

It had to be big-ticket stuff. A new accountability regime. A justice revolution at the grass roots. Unshackling the economy. An admission that the existing PML-N strategy had failed.

It was always a low-probability event — Nawaz wasn’t suddenly about to become more than the sum of his politics.

But neither side of the fork was about meekness. The other option was violent collision. You want me, come and get me. I’ll burn everything to the ground.

A mystery about Nawaz has been his coyness this time round. While he still had his job, it may have made sense — if you don’t react to the attack, they may not go all the way.

But even then it didn’t always make sense. He allowed a seven-month spell of political torture, bookended by two irruptions by the boys, because he was unable to tell successive chiefs — enough.

What’s done is done, now cut the crap and let’s get back to business.

But he didn’t and he ended up losing his job anyway. And even now he’s being coy. Everyone knows what he’s trying to say, so why not just say it?

I, your rightful prime minister, believe that the military has colluded with the judiciary to remove me because I want friendship with India and peace in Afghanistan.

This isn’t about corruption, this is about power and control and conflict over what kind of country Pakistan should be.

Just say it.

What’s the worst they can do? Chuck him in jail?

Possibly. Probably. Yes. So what? Unless, of course, Nawaz doesn’t think this business of politics is worth going to jail for.

And so, when he arrived at the fork last weekend, Nawaz chose neither the good path nor the bad one and tried instead to find a middle way.

A stupid middle way that has failure written all over it.

You can see what he’s trying to do: gather enough political capital to prevent the other side from dismantling his party and eliminating his side of the family from the political frame.

It’s a strategy of self-survival based on the idea that by gaining fresh support in the political arena he’s increasing the cost of what the other side wants to do to him in the power arena.

But because it’s obvious, it’s stupid.

From here, they’ve got him. Because Nawaz wants to cling on in a system that he doesn’t want to improve and in which he has the fewer options.

Why won’t he just let go? That’s probably the wrong question. Why should he let go? He’s built a political machine that dominates the biggest province in the land.

Find a man who would just walk away from a prize like that and you’ll have found a man better than Nawaz — and everyone else.

But the bigger mistake has been to not groom Maryam earlier. She is wildly unprepared to bring to heel the beasts that are Punjab politics and the PML-N. Her ambition is the inverse of her experience.

So Nawaz is stuck — even if he wanted to let go, Maryam isn’t ready to take over yet.

You almost — almost — have to feel sorry for him. Because it will be a cruel process by which they’ll whittle him down politically from here.

They may do it methodically or they may do it extravagantly. They can do it through the courts or they can do it through his own party.

They may leave him to twist in the wind, politically bloodied but doltishly hopeful, or they may just brutally decapitate him.

It’ll depend on what they need and when. Maybe the electoral veneer will be deemed worth keeping, maybe there’s a deal to be had in Punjab.

And if you can’t bring yourself to feel sorry for Nawaz, feel sorry for yourself — and for all of us.

Because this democracy thing is done. Maybe not in form, but already in substance.

The other side is the anti-democrats. By definition they aren’t out to fix democracy or force substantive change; they want control and democracy is the opposite of control.

So all we had was the possibility of the democracy side doing helpful things for the democratic project when the moment arrived.

The moment arrived and Nawaz had nothing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 20th, 2017

Roaring back

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, at least it was fun. After weeks — months — of pontificating, braying, moralising and squealing by the anti-democrats, it was a change alright to see a democrat-ish type get his licks in.

And how he roared.

Good for him, good for Nawaz. The tree of democracy must be refreshed from time to time with a jalsa or two. Too late for Nawaz to save his job, but at least something different to the dire, soulless stuff that had come before.

Sadly, now that it’s over, the serious business resumes. What does it all mean?

Let’s not kid ourselves: nobody knows. The problem with judicial ousters is that no matter how political the verdict, there’s never an indication of what comes next.

Because judges don’t rule, they only arbitrate.

By definition a reactive institution — the judiciary can only rule on a dispute that is brought to it, even in the world of political suo motu — and by convention a slow-moving one, the judiciary can’t match the raw pace of politics.

Nawaz’s ouster was a judicial grenade lobbed into the political arena, presumably with the hope that when the dust settles, some kind of desirable new configuration emerges.

But Nawaz reacted unpredictably and GT Road has reacted even more unpredictably.

Nawaz has roared, but what’s his plan? The judiciary has spoken, but how much more are they willing to wreak? The boys have kept silent, but for how long?

Angered possibly more by the targeting of Maryam, and so the disruption of his succession plans, than the ouster of himself, Nawaz went back into campaign mode.

And whoever convinced him to abandon his beloved Motorway for GT Road deserves a Tamgha-i-Jamhooriat. Or at the very least, a lifetime supply of mithai.

Even a fool can now see that Nawaz is still vastly popular and, more importantly for Nawaz, he is the PML-N. Fantasises of breakaway factions or rival branches in the family trying to grab power have receded.

(In the rapacious world of Punjab politics, someone will surely attempt wresting the crown anyway. But the cost has been significantly increased — perhaps impossibly so.)

As for the GT Road turnout, neither friend nor enemy will admit the surprise — nor shock or fear, depending on which camp they’re in.

Because at the heart of Pakistani electoral politics is a mystery and uncertainty that no one involved in the game wants to admit to. The standard assumption is that everyone knows how people will generally vote.

This part of the country to that party, that part of the country to this party. This much of a baseline support, that much of a maximum. Everyone reacting logically and in a predictable manner.

But 2008 and 2013 actually demonstrated something quite different: nobody actually knows. 2008 was supposed to be a BB wave, 2013 another coalition government — and neither happened.

For two reasons. The profile of the electorate has changed significantly and, for historical reasons, no one has ever been able to test what happens if you allow successive, or triple, on-schedule, un-interfered-with elections.

Basically, every assumption about the democratic process, and who votes for whom, in Pakistan is rooted in assumptions that are loose and anecdotal, and created in times that the current era of historic electoral continuity is the opposite of.

So, GT Road has been a shock to the system. Don’t for a second believe that it hasn’t shocked the PML-N as much as it has its enemies — you can see it in the elation of one side and the anxiety of the other.

But there’s no reason to get carried away. Democracy has hardly been saved nor is it the core of Nawaz’s purpose.

Looking in from the outside, there’s three players and each has played their hand in this first round.

The court, in its abomination of a judgement, has revealed its determination to not just oust Nawaz, but its interest in shutting him out of the system forever.

The boys, via the slashing JIT report, have revealed a willingness to see the back of Nawaz, even if they don’t want to be seen directly disrupting the democratic process.

And Nawaz, via the significant political capital harvested along GT Road, has demonstrated that he’s not willing to disappear into the sunset.

The problem is obvious: the current configuration is not sustainable.

Nawaz has roared, but what’s his plan? The judiciary has spoken, but how much more are they willing to wreak? The boys have kept silent, but for how long?

From the outside, the best-case scenario is that the self-interested choices of the three main players creates some kind of beneficial, ancillary effect for the democratic project.

Some may wish that’s the court forcing a quick accountability judgement. But that’s easier said than done — a bizarre SC judgement an indication of how hard it is to assemble proof.

Others may wish that the boys just step in and wrap up this farce. But the boys’ silence speaks of an institution unprepared, and unwilling, as yet for that ultimate step.

And yet others may hope that it does not lead to the end of the democratic road, that Nawaz somehow finds the grace and magnanimity to let the democratic order continue without him. But the GT Road show has suggested otherwise.

So now one side or the other or the third will have to make the first next move. Either the court, the boys or Nawaz.

The heart says, may Nawaz do the right thing. The mind says, the court won’t tolerate this for long. And the gut says, the boys have had enough.

God bless. Happy Independence Day. Pakistan zindabad.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 13th, 2017

Collision course

The writer is a member of staff.

THE problem is apparent. They wanted him out because he, like Zardari, is a stain on democracy. Never mind what the public says, there’s a higher principle of state at stake.

Zardari proved harder to get because he cloaked himself in the immunity of the presidency and the cult of Bhutto meant there were acolytes willing to take a political bullet for him.

Nawaz they have managed to get because he wanted power and the office too. The office drew him out into the open, vulnerable to attack both political and institutional. The stain could be removed.

And just like that, Nawaz has an unabashed acolyte as PM and a brother who’s still stuck in Lahore. All for the good of the party, of course.

But the stain — Nawaz — isn’t going away. He’s out of office, but wants political validation. This caravan to Lahore isn’t about driving off into the sunset. It’s about topping-up on political capital.

By itself, that would be fine. Run around, seek sympathy from the base, address a rally or two — the system can absorb it and will tolerate it. Nothing like seeing the mightiest reduced to whining and complaining.

But there’s more to it.

Only a fool would believe the official line the PML-N is peddling for why Shahbaz is sticking around in Lahore and Khaqan will carry on till parliament’s end. Only the naïve listen to the words.

Trace instead the power. In the immediate aftermath, Khaqan as placeholder and Shahbaz as anointed heir achieved two vital things. A 45-day PM helped stave off the anger of those who had missed out.

The hunger to be PM is as real as the opportunity to become one is rare. Most would do unspeakable things just to be prime minister for a day. Nisar was the only one disconsolate enough to go public, but you can bet that the hurt of missing out was felt by many.

The only thing that would have eased the contenders’ pain was the thought of Khaqan being around just until Shahbaz arrived in Islamabad. A Sharif for a Sharif is an arrangement no non-Sharif can object to.

The lightning-quick manoeuvre — the announcement of a two-stage immediate succession plan — also had another effect. It tricked the Shahbaz camp into celebrating its luck and its imminent arrival in Islamabad.

There’s no time for conspiracies when it’s time to get the sherwanis sewed.

The Khaqan-followed-by-Shahbaz formula held everything together in a moment of real peril for Nawaz. It threaded the needle that may have been unthreadable. And it did that by suggesting a magnanimity by Nawaz.

And then, just as quickly, everything changed.

Um, maybe it’s better if Khaqan sticks around a bit longer. It doesn’t look nice to chop and change. And Shahbaz is doing such a great job in Punjab. We shouldn’t act in haste.

And who will handle Punjab? There’s an election round the corner to think about. Continuity is important. Think about the party.

And just like that, Nawaz has an unabashed acolyte as PM and a brother who’s still stuck in Lahore. All for the good of the party, of course.

Two other, surely unintentional, benefits may also flow to Nawaz from the ruse.

He may be freed of the prime minister’s office, but the office is also freed of him. With Nawaz out, the inertia and dullness he brought to the prime ministership can be adjusted.

Already water and power and the petroleum ministry’s have been revamped by Khaqan — a desperately obvious change that Nawaz had inexplicably refused to authorise.

So while there are only months left of this government, its final stretch could also be its most effective. And it’s not just the PM’s office. The ouster has also produced the cabinet shake-up that Nawaz had stalled.

Remember all those years ago when Nawaz had flirted with the idea of ministerial performance audits? Instead we got four years of the stodgiest, dull cabinet imaginable.

That may now change. Nothing too dramatic, of course — the size of the new cabinet indicates its priorities — but maybe enough to sustain energy over the final stretch.

Put all of that together.

Nawaz, freed from office, topping up his political capital in Punjab. A fiercely loyal ally as PM till term end. A brother and his branch of the family stuck in Lahore. A PM office with new drive and a cabinet overhauled.

Early, very early, days yet. But from disaster are already emerging the contours of the next phase of Nawaz control.

Good for him, but maybe not so good for the rest of us.

Ousting him was not easy. But the narrowness of the grounds on which he was ousted is an indication of the fierce desire to see the back of him.

And where the attack came from indicates a double institutional disdain: one side for corruption, the other for his affection for India.

They came all this way, shook up the system, only to see Nawaz quickly find a way to stay in control? And this time from a more protected position, the best one of all, not having any office he can be chucked out of?

That’s the problem: it doesn’t look sustainable.

In taking the Zardari route, Nawaz is doing the smart thing for himself. But the Zardari route has also worked because he could be beaten back to Sindh and kept there.

Nawaz? He can’t be beaten back to Punjab and kept there because Punjab is the key to Islamabad. It just can’t work.

Nawaz staying a winner in a system that wants him out may only mean one thing long term: this democracy business won’t last.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 6th, 2017

Goodbye, Nawaz

The writer is a member of staff.

THE ducks were in a row. They’ve been dragged, kicked, shot and used to beat Nawaz over the head. It has not been pretty. Hell, it couldn’t have been uglier.

So, now what?

Attack the court, blame the boys, curse fate and the stars, it doesn’t really matter. Nawaz is gone and he isn’t coming back. There’s no precedent for unwinding a Supreme Court judgement during a democratic spell and there won’t be.

Nawaz is gone.

The judgement itself is confounding, appalling in argument and scope. It is, quite nakedly, a decision in search of a reason. Why did it happen? Eventually we’ll figure it out. This isn’t a place known for keeping its secrets long.

How did it happen? The Sharifs’ bumbling defence made it possible, giving the court the weapons it needed to bring the hammer down.

But the verdict is a bullseye and the verdict will stick because it is one thing above all else: popular. Popular with the people.

And there lies the vulnerability of Nawaz.

A judgement knocking out a prime minister who was popular enough to be the favourite for re-election is more popular with the people than the prime minster who has been ousted.

How that has come to be is worth examining because there are lessons in it for the practice of politics here.

A judgement knocking out a PM who was popular enough to be the favourite for re-election is more popular with the people than the PM who has been ousted.

Hating politicians is as old as politics. In Pakistan, there’s an added edge: the urban, middle-class, educated cohort that sneers at all things politics and wears its dislike of politicians with pride.

If it weren’t for the scum, the self-serving, corrupt politicians, hoodwinking the poor and the helpless, Pakistan would be a decent place to live in with good jobs and fair opportunity – the logic is as self-evident as the conviction real.

No politician can really hope to fight that. It is the natural support base of the anti-democrats and the best a politician can hope for is his fate to never be in their hands.

But as the beast was fed, as the anger of that cohort was stoked and manipulated in the wake of Panama, Nawaz made the mistake of ignoring it.

A segment of the population that was never going to love Nawaz or any politician of his ilk, its billowing rage ought to have had alarms ringing in the PML-N.

But Nawaz didn’t pay attention and soon enough he was reduced to a public caricature: corrupt, dynastic and out of touch.

From there, he was one big, fat, easy target.

Maybe the court would have done him in anyway. Maybe the boys’ disdain had made a third exit inevitable.

But it’s a heck of a lot easier to plunge the knife in when a particular swath of the population is whipped up into a frenzy — the urban, middle-class, educated, TV-watching, social-media-consuming cohort.

From a politician’s perspective, it can seem terribly unfair. Nawaz, after all, had protected his base impressively enough to have installed himself as the favourite for consecutive terms.

Why should he, or any other politician, have to pander to another group outside his base that at best will tolerate him and at worst will regard him with unbridled hate?

But they already know the answer: the urban, middle-class, educated cohort is a potential ally of other institutions. The rage of those people can become the institutional platform for terrible things to happen to you, the politician.

Keeping that cohort onside may be the difference between continuity and decapitation. So could Nawaz have done anything differently?

The hindsight game is easy, but there were some possibilities.

A shake-up of his team, a reshuffle of the cabinet, a nod to the governance priorities of the angry cohort — things to slow down the caricature of the corrupt, dynastic, out-of-touch leader ballooning out of control.

Because Nawaz didn’t do any of that or anything at all, we have to ask: are his politics anachronistic? Is he frozen in time?

On those parallel tracks that politicians here must try and survive, the record suggests he is. Megawatts and roads appeal to the N-League base, but leave the other cohort cold.

The metrobus could have bridged the gap, but it was successfully mired in corruption allegations and lost much of its sheen.

The familiar faces that he surrounded himself with made the base comfortable, but angered the other cohort because they symbolise the past.

Maryam could have been the bridge to the other side, but the succession was approached like a coronation. To win the other cohort’s grudging respect, she needed to look like she was working her way to the top — instead a palace-bred princess appeared.

And then there was the disregard for institutions, democratic and in the executive, and the centralisation of power. It didn’t bother the N-League’s base, but for the angry cohort it symbolised corruption at the heart of the Sharif empire.

Why must everyone be their slave, why can’t they just let people work honourably and with dignity?

The more Nawaz was Nawaz, the more he thought he was doing right by his base, the angrier it made the group whose anger he did not understand and could not afford.

Busy practising an anachronistic politics, the caricature of a corrupt, dynastic, out-of-touch ruler grew and grew until it was too late.

Now, the country has a judgement that is more popular than a prime minister who may have been popular enough to win re-election.

Nawaz is gone, but the others should pay heed: practice a modern politics or suffer the same fate as the mightiest who has fallen.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 30th, 2017

A catastrophic miscalculation

It is a shattering blow to the legacy of Nawaz Sharif, a third-term prime minister months away from the historic milestone of a full term. Instead, Mr Sharif now faces an extended political exile, swept aside by a shocking political miscalculation and a bewildering Supreme Court judgement.

“They trapped themselves,” said Kashif Abbasi, a leading journalist and host of Off the Record on ARY News, of the Sharif family. “It started with the political reality that they had already told the country they only owned the (Avenfield House, Park Lane) apartments since 2006, so they couldn’t change the story after the Panama Papers.”

An abiding mystery of the Sharifs’ muddled, seemingly half-hearted defence in the Supreme Court is why Mr Sharif and the PML-N chose neither to mount a fierce political attack, tainting the judicial process against the first family nor provide documentation, the fabled, so-called money trail, that may have helped stave off the court.

The dominant view among analysts familiar with the PML-N strategy in the Panama Papers case is that the Sharifs did not expect the case to reach such an advanced stage of judicial and investigatory scrutiny. “Yes, there was a laxness early on,” a senior PML-N leader told Dawn, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the Sharifs’ legal strategy. “There was confusion,” the PML-N leader added, “But there was also a thinking that nothing had been tied to Mian sahib, so why should there be serious concern?”

Other analysts suggest that once the danger had coalesced, Mr Sharif was already looking towards political continuity — especially protecting the possibility of Maryam Nawaz eventually inheriting the party leadership — and had given up on trying to win a favourable judgment. “The prime minister never believed this was about anything other than politics,” said Rana Jawad, Director News, Geo News. “Better to let the verdict be the worst it could be and then take it to the political arena, where the prime minister believes the PML-N still has strength.”

The swift move towards installing an interim prime minister and electing Shahbaz Sharif to the National Assembly to inherit the prime ministership until a scheduled election in 2018 reflects the PML-N strategy of continuity. Analysts suggest at least three reasons for the PML-N seeking a full parliamentary term and rejecting the possibility of early elections:

Senate elections in March, which will consolidate the PML-N’s support in the upper house; time for new power projects to come online, addressing the electricity crisis the party has vowed to fix; and allowing the party to distance itself from the political stain of a Supreme Court ouster of the prime minister.

“It doesn’t automatically change much. Nawaz Sharif was anyway looking to transition to Maryam at some point after the next election,” said Kashif Abbasi. “With Shahbaz’s election, the prime ministership will stay in the family for now and can be reconsidered when the accountability issue is settled.”

A PML-N leader, also speaking on the condition of anonymity, explained: “It was not like Maryam was simply going to inherit the party. There were always going to be hurdles, whether in terms of acceptance inside the party or now in terms of her getting past legal hurdles.”

But Suhail Warraich, a veteran journalist and expert on Punjab politics, believes the decision to reject a snap election is another Sharif error. “The N-League supporter isn’t a street fighter and he doesn’t like conflict with the establishment. The longer the government continues, the more doubt will creep in about whom to vote for. Imran Khan looms as the obvious alternative.”

Lurking behind the veneer of calm in the PML-N is a nagging doubt: have the Sharifs found themselves in legal jeopardy and the party in political peril because Nawaz Sharif’s political instincts let them down?

It is not just the contrast between an energetic, relentless Imran Khan and a placid Nawaz Sharif, seemingly lacking political fire in the belly. Throughout his third term, and perhaps since his return to Pakistan in 2007, Sharif has cut a mellow figure. Barring a spurt of political activity in the run-up to the 2013 election, Sharif has responded to political events slowly and rarely emerged from his political shell.

That cautiousness or perhaps disinterest allowed the Panama Papers crisis to escalate until the Sharifs were backed into a corner. “Is he the man and leader he was in the ’90s,” a PML-N leader asked. “Probably not. None of them are. Maybe he’s lost some of the fire and that’s why we are here today.”

Suhail Warraich concurred: “It was a colossal miscalculation. He probably thought they’d take it to the edge and then let him off. He didn’t read the signs.”

Published in Dawn, July 29th, 2017

Ducks not in a row

The writer is a member of staff.

AND so we’re back to where we began: he may go, but it’s not likely he will. Not because he’s innocent but because he’s not been proved guilty.

Nawaz isn’t resigning and he sure doesn’t look resigned.

Forget what the kids have said and the associates have done and what the documents suggest. To get Nawaz and get him now, there’s three things that the court has needed.

Three things that have to be lined up perfectly — the evidence and the will. And for reasons no side has any interest in revealing, they’re the three hardest ducks to line up in a row.

The three things: evidence against Nawaz the individual; evidence against Nawaz the prime minister; and the will to oust a prime minister. And crucially — in that order.

If it were the other way round, it would have been straightforward. If the will to oust exists, the paths are many and the reasons plentiful.

Ouster the old-fashioned way is about getting rid of someone now and dealing with the future later. If they make a comeback down the road, you can deal with that situation then.

But Panama has been constructed the other way round: the sudden emergence of something that opened the door to thinking about getting rid of the chap again.

Crucially, it’s been built on the presumption that the evidence already exists, that the allegation is the crime. That all that’s been needed is a willing executioner.

Ouster the old-fashioned way is about getting rid of someone now and dealing with the future later.

In a way it has been about the puppets tugging at the strings above, trying to draw the master’s attention and pleading for a favour to be done to them.

And that created the triple problem.

The first is the evidence against Nawaz. Not his kids, not his father, not his associates. Him — the man himself. The apartments are his as sure as day is day and night is night.

He loves those apartments and anybody who knows anything about family patriarchs knows that he and he alone will decide who gets them and how they’re used.

You can also guess why. The apartments are a link to his father’s legacy, the original patriarch. As his generation’s patriarch, Nawaz has unified the apartments — to inherit and build on his father’s legacy.

But none of that matters. Because what is known anecdotally and boasted about politically is not how the law and the courts work.

There’s no need to even explain it — the gap between the formal law and the financial and social arrangements familiar to every Pakistani is vast and virtually insurmountable.

It’s why there’s an informal economy. It’s how the stock market works. It’s how the property sector inflates and collapses. It’s how the government pulls together its finances, for Chrissake.

The proud existence of the apartments and the fact that everyone knows who owns them changes nothing about what can be proved about Nawaz and those apartments.

So the base of the three-step pyramid is weak.

For the ouster lot, it gets better at the middle: the case against Nawaz the prime minister, not Nawaz the individual.

It gets better here because the evidentiary threshold can be made more flexible. Nawaz can be held accountable for the shenanigans of his kids because, duh, it’s not like they could have made much of that money on their own.

And even if they could, why would you skip out on all the money you can make if your family name is Sharif?

But the evidentiary flexibility against Nawaz the PM works in both directions: if it’s easier to assume the family wealth is all because of Nawaz and his position, it’s also harder to do something about it because he’s the prime minister.

He’s not some two-bit MPA or junior federal minister who can be cast aside and everyone just gets on with life.

Oust him now and you’re rocking the system. Past turmoil may suggest it’s easy to pull the trigger, but it really isn’t. There’s a queasiness that comes with it that even the brave struggle to deal with.

It’s why Musharraf only got three years straight after his coup. And it’s why even Iftikhar Chaudhry wasn’t able to get Gilani right away.

Nawaz the PM makes it easier to expand the definition of things he can be held responsible for, but Nawaz being the PM makes it harder to actually hold him responsible for those things.

And that brings us to the top of the pyramid: the will.

The franticness with which the puppets have tugged at the strings above them, begging the master to do what they are desperate for tells its own tale.

There is, in the very few centres that matter, an ambivalence about pulling the trigger. About cutting the string and letting Nawaz sink in the sea of accountability.

History suggests there’s two reasons for deciding to make a break: something substantive or something personal.

Oddly, Nawaz’s salvation this term has been that he hasn’t been much of a success. He hasn’t really done anything to threaten or enrage anybody. Sure, he’s wanted to but he hasn’t really tried to.

So the substantive part is out. Which leaves personality friction. With whom? Quick, name any of the three judges on the bench. When was the last time the CJP has been in the news?

Is Nawaz at war with his army chief or DG ISI? Friction draws attention. There hasn’t been much of it.

The ducks don’t look like they’re in a row.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 23rd, 2017

Not dead yet

The writer is a member of staff.

THEY’VE had their fun, they’ve brought us to the brink. The Sharifs have been damaged, embarrassed and humiliated. Nawaz has been politically diminished. Maryam is a punchline. Yay, amazing, awesome.

But we’re not there yet.

To get there — an exit stage left for Nawaz or dragged kicking and screaming — several things still need to happen. One of those things we now know, the JIT report, two we don’t know yet.

They’ll reveal themselves soon enough, so first the bit we know, the JIT report. As with all things to do with the boys, they brought a hammer to the proceedings when a scalpel was needed.

Devastating as the JIT report is, it’s kept the knife poised above Nawaz, not plunged it in.

That’s created a problem. How big we’ll only find out inside the court. But it’s already blown up outside. The report was always going to be controversial because it was going to be judged in three camps:

The PML-N; the PML-N’s opponents; and the democracy types who aren’t enamoured of Nawaz and don’t like the boys.

Nothing could satisfy all three. One side’s candy is another side’s meh. But if the JIT had been clever, it would have delivered something that left all sides a little unhappy — like diet ice cream.

But the JIT went whole-hog. It delivered a report that sent paroxysms of joy rippling through Nawaz’s enemies. It was breathless stuff. Did you hear what Maryam did? Do you know what Dar said? How stupid are those two boys of Nawaz? And that cousin, shameless man! OMG.

It’s so devastating that it’s ridiculous — and there lies the problem.

The JIT has disbanded but suspicions of its motivations have coalesced. From here, there’ll have to be a bit of cleaning up to do, to put things right. You can’t have an engineered ouster look so nakedly like an engineered outset. Not through the courts anyway. At least not these courts.

Nawaz and co have been so spectacularly awful in court thus far that they may screw up again, not knowing how to put to use the gift the JIT has given them. We’ll start to get an idea tomorrow.

But in a way the JIT report has already flipped matters around.

We know the court has factions. Two future chief justices have already denounced Nawaz and signed off on his ouster; three judges had reservations about the court being the vehicle and allegations the substance of ouster.

The JIT folk seemed to have missed that. Or maybe they thought a shove would work better than deferentially lighting the path to court-sanctioned ouster.

But now the reluctant ones will have to decide if they’re OK with being corralled. The star is the JIT and it may have burned too bright for its own good — the judiciary has been reduced to a sideshow in its own house.

For the reluctant ones, that could be the opening to get out of the mess they’ve found themselves in.

Chuck the matter into accountability courts and let the SC keep a watchful eye on proceedings — a process that would reassert the primacy of the judiciary. It would also, inadvertently, buy Nawaz some time.

And time is what Nawaz needs because of a curious hesitation that’s apparent in the JIT report.

They marched Nawaz to the edge, brought all of us to the brink — and then stopped. Devastating as the JIT report is, it’s kept the knife poised above Nawaz, not plunged it in.

Why?

Two future chief justices had already seen enough and decided Nawaz has to go. That’s a powerful signal right there. Why leave the door open for the reluctant three and maybe others too?

Why not just say we’ve got enough. No need for accountability, no need for references, just show Nawaz straight out the door. Now.

We can guess. Forget the contents of the report and think of the JIT as a proxy. For disagreements, factions and groupings elsewhere — among the boys themselves.

Work with that analogy a bit. None of them, the boys, are fans. It’s an article of institutional faith to be suspicious of Nawaz.

So the JIT report reflects that — a merciless pounding of reputation and public standing. On that there is unanimity.

But to recognise a problem doesn’t mean there’s agreement on the solution. In the lower, middle and upper ranks, emotionalism, machoism and manic nationalism can run rampant. The base wants Nawaz’s head on a stake.

The base is vital and the base is influential, but the base doesn’t make decisions. Those — decisions — are reserved for the very top, the chief and his closet advisers.

And at the very top, a different calculus applies. You have to juggle different priorities and manage different interests, internal and external.

At the heart of the endeavour to oust Nawaz has been a mystery: why is it so important?

They boys have figured out how to contain Nawaz and Nawaz hasn’t shown any signs of evolving into a master strategist to get some of his way on the national security and foreign policy stuff he cares about.

So why the desperation to oust him?

If you look closely enough, the desperation that everyone sees is hesitation at the very top. So the JIT walked us to the brink, but couldn’t plunge the knife into Nawaz.

Because the decision everyone fears has been taken is still being mulled. Nawaz isn’t a dead man yet.

The JIT may have inadvertently reminded us why.

Fantasy all of it? Possibly. Zero evidence of outside interference? Sure. The boys have played it clean throughout? Maybe. Nawaz got himself in trouble independently? Yes.

There’s one way to know for sure. We’ll start finding out in court tomorrow.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 16th, 2017

A stalled democracy

The writer is a member of staff.

EITHER way, we’ve hit a wall. Nawaz goes or Nawaz stays, the transition to democracy has stalled.

And it’s hard to see what’ll get it back on track.

The great big evolution in this transition, the one triggered by the ouster of Musharraf, was in electoral democracy. You win, you stay — full term, no funny business.

That understanding was forged between Nawaz and BB and it was forged in the fire of more than two decades of mutual self-destruction. When we fight, they win — an equation as obvious as it was difficult to accept.

But once it was internalised, a real move forward was possible. You win, you stay — full term, no funny business. The Charter of Democracy.

Asif initially tried to tamper with that, but he was quickly back. Memories are short and the episode short-lived, but the only direct attack against democracy in this transition was launched by the PPP against the PML-N.

It made sense. Asif was a novice and not bound by the pact BB had made. He had always been collateral damage, not the reason the fires had raged before nor the real target of the flames.

A tragedy of our democracy is that it is made out to be about someone else’s loss.

So he tried to chuck out Shahbaz in Punjab. It didn’t cost Asif — at least not immediately — but it did cost all of us.

Politics is full of such ironies, but this one is especially bittersweet: had Asif not ousted Shahbaz in Punjab, Iftikhar Chaudhry could have remained in limbo.

But because Asif used the courts and the Dogar interloper, he brought the iron gavel of Chaudhry crashing on all our heads.

Asif eventually paid a merciless price, the Sharifs even landing memogate in the court of Chaudhry. But Asif is gone, beaten back to his base in Sindh. The rest of us are still here.

Ask yourself this: if it weren’t for Chaudhry, would we even be here today, a country in suspense, wondering if another elected prime minister is about to marched to the political guillotine?

Yet, for all of Asif’s sins, the stalling of the democratic project was also begun with him. He was its first victim.

Asif will never get a fair shake, not now, not ever, but there is a mystery at the heart of Zardari’s PPP. Why has he let it collapse so?

It boggles the mind, an implosion so spectacular outside Sindh that it’s embarrassing to even deploy the Asif-has-achieved-in-10-years-what-the-boys-couldn’t-in-30 argument.

It’s easy to blame corruption. Zardari’s love for property and shady deals are epic vices. But everything we’ve learned, everything we’ve seen in the repeated swatting aside of Bilawal, is of a man who is hungry for more; a man hungry for politics.

Even from the straightforward approach of a man desperate to get back in the political game just to make more money, a subdued, self-sabotaging Asif makes no sense.

Better to run the IK path of electables or the Sharif path of crony capitalism than to shut yourself out of the game altogether. It makes no sense, except for this: Asif doesn’t believe the boys will ever let him return to power.

Why struggle for Punjab or in KP if in your heart of hearts, you don’t think they’ll ever allow you to return to the top of the pile? Why not just protect the base and plot for second best?

Scoff at it, decry it, but Zardari’s predicament is about a devastating power struggle and one side’s perception of the other. And not to put too much of a gloss on it — it is, after all, Asif — but it is about breaking the civilians.

Asif was their first victim.

Now, it’s Nawaz’s turn. It makes a difference if he survives or not. Democratic form is the most obvious path to democratic substance.

But already something else has been signalled across this land. On this day, a day before the submission of a report that seems more anticipated than the results of election night, it is shockingly clear:

Nawaz can be ousted.

That right there is the transition hitting a wall. Nawaz may survive. He may not. But he’ll only survive as Nawaz the prime minister that the country believed the boys could have ousted if they wanted to.

That right there is the power equation. And Nawaz is on the wrong side of it.

But forget about Nawaz. And Asif.

And IK. A tragedy of our democracy is that it is made out to be about someone else’s loss.

Oh no, they’re after Asif. Actually, Asif deserves it. Oh no, they’re after Nawaz. Well, maybe Nawaz deserves it. Oh no, they’ve got it in for IK. But could IK have behaved better?

Tomorrow or a week from tomorrow or a month from tomorrow, Nawaz’s fate will be clear. But the fate of the transition to democracy already is.

If they can get the prime minister, the transition is about as weak as it was when it began.

That’s our loss, yours and mine. Democracy isn’t Nawaz, Asif or IK; it’s what they, the boys, can snatch from us.

And that brings us to the final problem. Survive or not, Nawaz already looks like a loser. Win the election next year and a template already exists to bleed him carefully over the next five years.

And so from inside that wretched pit, the one the transition may have plunged into, there is that desperate temptation: may as well let IK have his turn?

The transition to democracy, after all, may already have hit a wall.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 9th, 2017

The strangest plot

The writer is a member of staff.

ASSUME they’re right. The JIT isn’t about corruption. The investigation is just a vehicle to oust Nawaz. Old tricks adapted for new times.

Fine.

We can go further. They — the permanent establishment, the boys, whomever — want to oust Nawaz because of what Nawaz represents and because of what Nawaz wants to do.

What he represents is danger, a popular politician from Punjab who dislikes and is disliked by the boys. What he wants to do is dangerous: rid us of proxies and focus on regional connectivity and trade.

The timing is convenient, just ahead of an election which Nawaz looks like he can win. Get him now and you’ve got him for good — shut out from the next election and then on for the next five years at least.

For all its weaknesses, the mere existence of an independent prime minister’s office is a potential threat because it’s impossible to fully control.

By then Nawaz would be an old man and the next generation ready to take over.

If that’s the game, the rest of us are all just passengers along for the ride. The boys will do what the boys think they need to do. Nawaz and co will fight until they can or up to the point they think it’s worth it.

But while they fight their wars and decide our fate, at least we can ask: has Nawaz really posed a threat?

Because all of it — why they’ve wanted to oust him and why they still need to oust him— rests on the premise that Nawaz is a danger and his agenda dangerous.

And that twin belief could just be megalomania on one side — Nawaz’s — and miscalculation on the other, the boys’.

Start with the danger that Nawaz the Punjabi politician is supposed to embody. When he calls, Punjab responds. But winning elections doesn’t necessarily filter down to policy fights.

When it comes to picking sides between Nawaz and the boys, most of Punjab is probably where it has mostly been: wanting the two to just get along.

Sure, Punjab will vote for Nawaz, but will Punjab fight for Nawaz? Especially if the opponent is the boys? Probably not.

There’re many reasons historical and particular to Punjab for that, but there’s one specific to Nawaz too: for all his electoral success, he hasn’t built a formidable party machine dedicated to serving his agenda.

The name Nawaz may mean votes in the bank, but there is no awe, great love or terrible fear. Nothing that approaches what the other side has.

Real as Nawaz’s electoral support may be, it can’t be weaponised because its core is soft. It’s good enough to win elections, not enough to stand on and challenge the gods.

What winning elections does though is win you a seat at the table. From there, even if your electoral base is soft, you can try and ram through policy changes.

That’s the second part: the dangerous Nawaz agenda.

For all its weaknesses, the mere existence of an independent prime minister’s office is a potential threat because it’s impossible to fully control.

You can’t stop a prime minister from dreaming; you can’t stop his office from plotting; and because of the constraints of nominal democracy, you can’t immediately swat away all prime ministerial ideas and initiatives.

But then just have a look at Nawaz’s record this term.

Forget the bits where he’s been cut down, shut down or shoved aside. That was inevitable. It’s not like the other side was ever going to just surrender policy control.

The third term was the biggest opening Nawaz has ever had or arguably ever will — and it’s littered with rookie mistakes and unforced errors.

He refused to instal a foreign minister and only reluctantly installed a part-time defence minister. He chose to put Musharraf on trial instead of signing a trade deal with Congress ahead of the Indian election.

He insisted on talking to the Taliban for too long, allowing the boys to switch the militancy narrative themselves. He tried to talk to Modi but wasn’t able to terror-proof dialogue.

After Kashmir erupted, he’s remained stuck in the same incongruous gear. On Afghanistan, there is not a single idea or initiative that has emerged — not even at the level of theory.

CPEC is the great new arrival, but it was dreamt up by the Chinese and presented to us. The more damning thing is the lopsidedness of the loans and investments — 75 per cent dedicated to addressing the electricity deficit, a waste of a historic opportunity.

Round and round you can go, and even adjusting for all that Nawaz has been thwarted in doing and all that he’s been shut down on, there’s just no sign of the great big policy threat that he is supposed to be.

More obvious is the opposite: keeping him in place may be better than chucking him out. The fillip he’ll get from another election win won’t exceed the political capital he got after 2013.

Next time round, with a new US approach in Afghanistan and a confident Modi striding towards re-election, there’ll be even less space for a Nawaz doctrine regionally.

Economic take-off is certainly not imminent, meaning he won’t suddenly surge to massive popularity around 2020 or so. And most of all, the boys have figured out how to contain him — something they’d have to learn anew with Imran.

And yet the PML-N remains convinced: the aim is to oust Nawaz because of the threat he is and the threat his agenda is.

They may be right. Or between megalomania and miscalculation may lie our fate yet again.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 2nd, 2017

The militancy trap

The writer is a member of staff.

FORGET Raheel this, Bajwa that, Nawaz stupid, Imran clueless. Step back, breathe, and try and trace where this is going.

We are sinking into a militancy trap.

There’s a ghoulish metric that everyone knows, but humaneness means most deny: a big one in Parachinar or Quetta equals a small one in Karachi, Lahore or Islamabad.

Somewhere, someone knows the same. Somewhere, someone, here in this land, has decided that it’s a price worth paying — by us.

Because we’re hitting them, the militants, they can’t strike as much and as often as they did or would like.

But the pattern is clear. Occasionally, they’ll get past the defences and wreak carnage in the heartland — the east of Indus strike that rakes the maximum fear.

More often, the defences will work and they’ll have to stick with striking in the periphery — the west of Indus strike where bigger is easier and possible frequently enough to send ripples of fear nationally.

Grotesque, but relatively straightforward to chart.

But Parachinar and Quetta are also markers for something else — something the state knows, but would rather deny.

Parachinar and Quetta are shorthand for violence. If there were no militancy — no militancy of the kind the state is fighting — those areas would still be violent.

They were violent before the rise of this new militancy — the one over the last decade and a half — and, here’s the problem, they’ll probably be violent if the militancy the state is fighting disappears.

Parachinar and Quetta are violent because of state failure. Failures specific to the two places and general to the country.

And there lies the militancy trap we’re sinking in.

Assume what we’re told is true: Quetta was RAW, Parachinar, the Afghan NDS. Monsters both of them and not very hard to believe.

The bald version of why they’re doing it is that they hate us and hate the idea of Pakistan; they will not stop until Pakistan ceases to exist. They are therefore the eternal enemy.

The slightly more sophisticated version is that the militants are real — they exist independently of outside enemies — but India and Afghanistan prefer an appropriately unstable Pakistan to a meaningfully stable one.

The stronger version of that is a stable Pakistan is inimical to the interests of India and Afghanistan. The milder version is that it’s a game of reciprocity; they hit us because they think we’re hitting them.

Now take any of those theories, strong or mild, in whatever combination you like and you’re still left with:

So what?

Because of the way Pakistan is, because of the resources the state has and the ideas that flow through its people, Pakistan is — and will remain — vulnerable.

Not vulnerable in a do-as-you-please kind of way, but vulnerable in the way we’re seeing: this pattern of frequent, sometimes big strikes in the periphery and occasional, mostly small strikes in the heartland.

Let’s scratch around the RAW-NDS rabbit hole a bit more. The dirty little secret is not that Pakistan is newly vulnerable, but that Pakistan has always been vulnerable.

On India’s side, it was hesitation before — the system’s aversion to dabbling in non-states. In Afghanistan, it was chaos that prevented the coalescing of a tit-for-tat strategy.

So, if anything’s changed it’s the willingness of India and Afghanistan to do with enthusiasm now what they did reluctantly before, and their luck in finding these proxies here and now.

Terrible, awful, villainous. But that still leaves us with a question:

How do we get to zero?

From maximum militant violence, the peak between 2007-2011, we’ve arrived at the current point: the occasionally big attack in the heartland and the many, frequently big in the periphery.

Put a number on it. Let’s say we’re 70 per cent of the way there; the optimists may say 85.

From here, more of the same won’t — can’t — work. Hammer away at the militant remnants, penetrate the hardest of networks; bomb, shoot or hang every last militant you can find — but zero is impossible.

Not as long as zones such as Parachinar and Quetta exist. And they will always exist.

Not those places specifically, but zones that look like them. Zones that much of Pakistan looks like: big populations, limited state, vulnerable to all kinds of non-state and outside influence.

The obvious state response, from inside the rabbit hole, is to continue relentlessly with operations — find and eliminate militants wherever they are found — and raise the cost on the outsiders interfering.

But that is exactly the militancy trap.

To raise the cost on outsiders interfering, we need to retain the types causing them trouble. But survival of one kind of militancy is survival of other kinds of militancy.

To put it another way: hanging on to the anti-India and anti-Afghan lot makes us — this land — vulnerable to other kinds of militancy, the kinds that India or Afghanistan could be tempted to use against us.

If that’s trite enough — zero tolerance is the only path to zero militants — work through the implications.

Somewhere, someone knows the same. Somewhere, someone, here in this land, has decided that it’s a price worth paying — by us.

The further depressing possibility is that India and Afghanistan also know the same.

They want to hurt us — or at least make our security architects think they are hurting us — because they want to punish us and cause a rethink in policy here.

But the hurt and punishment they inflict on us may only cause us to prolong what they’re trying to curb.

If we, Pakistan, are unwise, they, India and Afghanistan, are foolish. That’s the tragedy of our region. That’s the militancy trap.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 25th, 2017

Warning signs

The writer is a member of staff.

RULE of thumb: the wilder, woollier and wackier it gets, the less it all means.

And this week was a whole lot of wild, woolly and wacky.

The JIT fought back, the PML-N piled on — it was vicious and entertaining, ugly and amusing.

But it probably didn’t move the needle much.

Political controversy has a contradiction at its heart. You need progressively larger doses of it to keep the public interested, but bigger and bigger doses of controversy inoculate the public.

The allegations this week were stunning because, stripped bare, they were an ISI versus IB face-off.

That’s the kind of stuff that can end governments and maybe democracy itself. Or at least it could in the past.

This week, all it seemed like was a bit of high jinks and schoolyard squabbling.

The IB is disrupting a super-duper important investigation, an investigation the ISI has lent a representative to. The chutzpah!

Messy continuity — it shouldn’t just be within reach, it should have been the only option by now. But it’s not.

And the investigatory lot, with no less than two representatives of the boys, is accused of spying on the prime minister. Dirty tricks!

It didn’t — couldn’t — stick. The problem: it was just more controversy in an already great big stew of controversy.

The JIT process had already been tainted and the N-League had already whinged a whole lot. Folks had caught on.

And when it all got swallowed up by the spectacle of Nawaz presenting himself for questioning, more of the fright was sucked out.

Politically, even the most rabid of Nawaz’s enemies will know the optics: serving PM appearing before a bunch of no-name junior nobodies — who’s going to dare pull the trigger on ouster now?

Legally, the reason we got here in the first place was because the majority three on the bench of five were queasy about using a bunch of petitions and suo motu powers to oust an elected PM.

If they were queasy then, all the shenanigans around the JIT can have only made them queasier.

And queasier can only mean an airtight, slam-dunk, absolutely-no-holes case against the PM will be demanded.

The kind of airtight, slam-dunk, absolutely-no-holes case a controversial JIT venturing down controversial paths may not be able to assemble.

So the needle probably didn’t move much this week.

But there is a reason to be afraid.

We are in uncharted territory. A third consecutive, on-time, on-schedule, full-term election has never happened before.

But we’re also in familiar terrain: a version of the ’90s is playing out, in slow motion and with the PPP swapped out for the PTI.

By themselves, the combination of uncharted territory and familiar terrain should yield the usual Pakistani outcome: a messy kind of survival.

Possibly because Nawaz seems to have learned something from the ’90s. Back then, the N-League needed the PPP to destroy itself and vice versa.

This time, the PTI seems willing, but the N-League not — at least not enthusiastically.

And possibly because of a post-Musharraf decision by the boys: don’t let this democracy thing get out of hand, but don’t snuff it out either.

Messy continuity — it shouldn’t just be within reach, it should have been the only option by now.

But it’s not. And slipping and sliding as we are towards a third consecutive full-term election, a twin danger has emerged.

The democratic transition has stalled. That’s the N-League’s fault. Simultaneously, a violent and vicious kind of politics is asserting itself. That’s the PTI’s fault, at least in part.

Looking back, the transition to democracy has stalled since the 18th Amendment.

We may have escaped our periodic IMF embrace since and Nawaz may have built a lot of roads and erected a bunch of megawatts, but the record is fairly clear:

Zero reforms; a resurgence of anti-democratic and democracy-sceptical opinion; and a political class which sees democracy as primarily an electoral exercise.

Sure, Nawaz is desperate to push a game-changing foreign policy, but being slapped back there repeatedly isn’t an excuse for domestic, democratic failure.

Ten years into the transition, we’re stuck in neutral — or possibly sliding back.

By itself, because of the institutional decision of the boys to reject takeover, that wouldn’t necessarily imply disaster.

But this week has given us another peek into what could lie ahead: an election season of vicious partisanship and extreme media and political rhetoric that could cause everything to come unstuck.

It would take some hubris to suggest the Ayub election in the mid-’60s, the Bhutto election in the late ’70s or the Zia election in the mid-’80s can be overtaken in bitterness and viciousness by 2018.

But between a metastasising rabidness in TV land, an unhinged social media and a no-holds-barred politics practised by the PTI, 2018 could turn terribly ugly.

Again, by itself election-year tumult, violence or chaos could be manageable.

But when married to a stalling of the democratic project, it could have frightening effects.

Best case scenario: the current equation holds. PML-N snarls back at the PTI, but keeps an eye on the ultimate goal, re-election.

PTI pushes the envelope and flirts with disaster, but Imran’s ambition to become PM is tempered by an understanding that for him to become PM, he needs democracy to stay.

And the boys remain confident that they know how to keep the civilians pinned back, so there’s no need for a coup.

Messy continuity.

The worst case scenario is that we go back to the ’90s, but with new tools and a more aggressive, systemic disillusionment.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 18th, 2017

Pulling back

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, that’s more like it. A week of chaos followed by a bit of dust settling.

The PML-N will be feeling more comfortable.

It started with the senator hauled before the court for contempt proceedings. Instead of roar and fury, the matter was handled procedurally.

There’s nothing like a whiff of normality to dispel a sense of political crisis.

Delayed for a couple of weeks, to be interrupted by the holidays after, the dangerous politics has been sucked out of it.

Then it was the JIT’s turn. A message was sent that there are problems being faced. Instead of a circus being created, again the procedural route was taken.

A counter-message had been sent.

And then a reminder: no more time will be given. In the end, it may — that’s just in the nature of inquiries.

But between the JIT complaining of hurdles and the court warning of time limits, another message can be squeezed out:

This is shaping up to be like much that has come before it.

And then the hammer was brought down: the JIT has to explain the pictures that went viral.

It doesn’t mean the JIT will be able to explain it or that anyone else who can will, but offence has turned to defence just a wee bit.

The mood has shifted.

Outside the court too a few shifts could be discerned. When the N-League first went on the warpath, the immediate reaction was widespread suspicion.

Two rounds before the court had produced little, JITs are easily defeated — so why was the PML-N reacting with such fury?

Enemies took it to mean Nawaz was in danger and exhorted the court and the JIT to do more. Friends yelped about a witch-hunt and justice denied.

But the pandemonium drew the attention of the serious lot and there was unease at the direction things were headed.

Not the outcome — if Nawaz has to go, he has to go — but the path to getting there.

The process had started to look tainted.

In a different age and different system, the unease of the serious lot, those with an eye on systemic improvement, would not matter much.

But in the current system, a balance of power between institutions — no one side able to get far out ahead of the others — process matters too.

Or the consensus that process was being played too loose.

Luck also played a part. Nawaz had a trip scheduled abroad and a PM abroad on official-seeming work tends to delay crisis.

But he got luckier. It was SCO membership and Pakistan standing on a stage with China and Russia and Central Asia.

So there were meetings before. Meetings with the boys and official photos with everyone looking official.

They could have been chatting about Afghanistan, Kashmir or even the weather.

But there it was, a prime minister doing prime ministerial stuff, chairing a meeting with the boys no less.

There’s nothing like a whiff of normality — Afghanistan, Qatar, foreign crises be damned — to dispel a sense of political crisis.

And politics played a part. Or rather good ol’ Imran did. You almost have to admire his sense of timing.

Flung open the doors have been to the electables. In have hurried a bunch of so-called PPP electables. Triggered it has the usual hand-wringing and breast-beating.

It is an interesting story.

Several of those who have bolted wanted to bolt before the last election. There were conditions and negotiations and a demand for an en masse transfer to the new party and a guarantee of tickets.

It didn’t work out then, but 2013 and everything the PPP has done since guaranteed it would be attempted again.

Except now the PPP lot is more desperate and the PTI can accede to fewer demands. A transfer to PML-N is more complicated because it already has so many winners.

And, for candidates at least, a transition from PPP to PML-N is hard because of the historical party enmity.

Disillusioned PPP voters holding their nose and voting PML-N is one thing, old PPP candidates genuflecting before the PML-N enemy another.

But that’s a digression. What a terrible week it was for the PTI to pull the lever on electables.

There was the PML-N, rotten and exposed, symbolising everything that is wrong with the corrupt status quo, and here was the PTI welcoming the status quo it is supposed to be crusading against.

Fair, unfair, right or wrong, politics has a way of slipping away quickly. A moment of potential triumph for the PTI had turned into internal bickering and outside mocking.

Instead of everything being about the PML-N’s sins, some of the week had been about the PTI’s foibles.

You can imagine the PML-N was pleased. Don’t bother trying to figure out what Imran was thinking.

And so matters have returned to where they were before last week: the JIT is a nuisance, the bench a potential headache in the N-League’s electoral calculations; ouster possible but not likely.

And that’s because of what Panama has come to symbolise: the torment of Nawaz, not a purging of the system.

There’s no need to even argue the case, just look at what the PTI was doing this week.

On Panama, the old rules still hold: don’t be stupid and don’t get caught.

The Nawaz kids managed both, but Nawaz has suffered by presenting his family for national humiliation.

We’ve paid for our stupidity and for getting caught, now what more do you want, the PML-N asks.

By the old rules, by the system that prevails, by the status quo the PTI has again embraced, the N-League has a point.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 11th, 2017

Paranoia and miscalculation

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, this wasn’t supposed to happen. The month of quiet is upon us, a time to power down and mostly forget about politics.

But here we are.

So here goes. Both sides are to blame, but fear of contempt causes most to tiptoe around inconvenient facts.

So we’ll stick to the political lot. The N-League has a theory, but before that the facts. Two rounds in the Supreme Court have produced no evidence against Nawaz or his progeny.

JITs are a dime a dozen and easily defeated. So why the kerfuffle?

On then to the N-League’s theory. Some of it is fact, a bunch of it is fantasy — but when you’re the government what you think matters, especially if you’re seeing plots everywhere.

The theory is this: the court is trying to oust Nawaz. Not gather evidence, not go by the book, but get the JIT to produce a report that gives the court no option other than to oust Nawaz.

The immediate reason is this: get Nawaz now in the run-up to an election and he won’t have time to figure out a way back before the general election. That means he’ll be shut out again and shut out for long.

The longer-term reason, in the N-League’s reckoning, is this: Nawaz needs to be ousted and kept out because of his India agenda. He wants a breakthrough with India, the boys do not.

The mechanism is this: there’s six members in the JIT; the FIA chap, because he reports to the interior ministry, is out of the equation; that leaves four votes needed from five.

Two are already in the bag — the boys’ representatives. Which leaves the other three: NAB, SECP and SBP.

You’re catching on. The weirdness of surreptitious calls made public and a rejection of names offered until the preferred were picked out by the court itself has set up a dangerous equation.

The mistake the N-League has made is that it doesn’t understand the court. There’s always, for the PML-N, a straight line between political instability and the boys.

Five specially selected votes versus one on the JIT; just four votes needed to potentially justify action. Just four votes from the start of the dreamed-of ouster.

You get why the N-League is paranoid.

But the N-League may have got it right for the wrong reason.

First, to the N-League’s paranoia. It began with the dissenting judgment by the bench of five. A vicious polemic, it laid out a template for judicially sanctioned ouster.

Nothing more was needed — nothing other than a majority vote. That didn’t happen, which brought us to the JIT.

Initially, the N-League rejoiced in the majority three. But quickly it realised — potent forces were arrayed against it.

The mistake the N-League has made is that it doesn’t understand the court. There’s always, for the PML-N, a straight line between political instability and the boys.

But something funny has happened with the court. And so, at the risk of drawing the only ire that most truly fear, into the court we must delve.

The Chaudhry era was over. Hyper judicial activism was dead.

The last Chaudhry acolyte on the court, Jawwad Khawaja, had passed into retirement and there was maybe one other left in the high courts.

The court had reverted to tradition: cautious, slow-moving, august. It could have stayed that way but for two things, one old, the other new.

The old: a political culture of settling disputes through judicial edict. The new: a democratised, energised public demanding a better kind of state to rule over the people.

The two combined to land Panama in the courts. And the two have combined to help the court revisit the Chaudhry model.

Years since his exit, the Chaudhry model can be recognised for what it was: a crass populism wedded to a belief that power — of others — must be held to account.

That’s why Nawaz is in trouble. The court is struggling to find an identity and factions are pulling it in opposite directions.

The five-judge bench exposed the problem: the minority judgment, to borrow army chief Bajwa’s comments from elsewhere, was wrong but popular; the majority’s correct but unpopular.

There is without a doubt, and it’s possible to say this because the next two chief justices of Pakistan have handed down a verdict saying so, a group in the court that believes Nawaz stands disqualified.

Because disqualification will restore the pre-eminence of the court and because of a sense that the democratic project can only be nudged forwards if the political lot realise they will be held to account.

There are other, less salutary reasons — reasons the N-League is eager to proffer — but they are ancillary. The court wants to be respected, it wants to be seen to be respected and it wants the political class to respect it.

It’s probably too late now, but there lies the final mistake of the N-League: it’s sometimes bumbling, sometimes arrogant, always contradictory approach to the court triggered an impulse in the court to seek ouster as the final outcome.

The court wanted to be respected, Nawaz wanted to survive — and so here we are.

On, then, to the PML-N games. The more aggressive the N-League is, the more likely it buys time for itself. The clock is winding down to the election and a shot at a historic fourth term.

Delay in court could mean victory in the polls.

And linking the boys to the JIT’s composition and workings has a potential benefit of drawing external attention — no one wants a coup, so everyone will do whatever it takes to make the possibility go away.

But the N-League games don’t change the basic problem.

The court has Nawaz in its sights.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 4th, 2017

Missing agenda

The writer is a member of staff.

AND we’re off. They started a bit early, but now stuff is in place. There’s no big moves left to make.

Let the election games begin.

The budget lost its relevance a while ago. Expenditures are artificially suppressed, revenues artificially inflated. By September or October, the numbers have usually already crumbled.

Why do they do it this way? Uniformed or civilian, this party or that, the approach is the same.

Because they’re not trying to change anything, just manage stuff.

But there is an intriguing twist this time round. We’re into dictator territory.

No government, and certainly no finance minister, has got this far with this kind of future.

By election year, it’s not just that an external crisis has forced governments into desperate spending. It’s also that they’ve been in a bad place politically.

Musharraf in 2007, Zardari in 2013 — they had to spend, spend, spend because they had to survive.

And if they didn’t survive, the mess was the next chap’s to handle anyway.

Nawaz and Dar have arrived at a different point — they’ve got a good shot at getting another five years.

Splash out budgetarily this election year and they are the ones who may have to clean up the mess next year.

Cleaning up your own mess isn’t the most appealing of things. So a kind of restraint has been visible.

The quasi fiscal restraint has set up two very different opportunities for the next five years. If Imran wins, he’ll inherit a macro picture that is relatively stable.

The immediate benefit is obvious: the PTI’s finance team is vastly inexperienced and you don’t want an inexperienced team coming in to handle a crisis.

And if elections are held on time, a PTI government will also quickly have to turn to tweaking the budgetary priorities of the caretaker government that will have preceded it.

In both scenarios, inheriting a stable situation would be good for the PTI because it would allow the new government to quickly set its own economic priorities.

The same applies if the N-League wins. And here’s where it could get potentially interesting.

The twin priorities of the Nawaz government this time round have been electricity and roads.

Electricity was a two-pronged challenge: more electricity and affordable electricity.

The N-League seems to have figured out the first part — ratcheting up the megawatts that the system can churn out — and given up on the second.

Embracing the existing rickety financial state of the power system means giving up on affordable power.

Allowing power producers to gouge means the state will pick up the difference between what the consumers cough up and what the producers demand.

Cleaning up your own mess isn’t the most appealing of things. So a kind of restraint has been visible.

The other priority, roads, are pretty much on auto-pilot now, the schemes and building and systems already in place. A thousand kilometres of road isn’t particularly different to ten thousand.

With one-and-a-half of the core two-point agenda conquered and the other half jettisoned, if the N-League wins, what exactly will it do next?

You may win elections on promises kept, but you can’t govern by relying on past promises.

Punjab may offer some clues about what the N-League may do at the centre — in Punjab, the PML-N is wrapping up consecutive terms and aiming for a third.

If the Punjab model is followed, we could be in for more dullness and unimaginativeness at the centre.

Much as Shahbaz may tout education and service delivery in Punjab, there’s nothing really memorable in his nine years beyond the metro and his latest obsession, the Lahore train.

Dullness in Punjab though is harder to replicate at the centre. Elections are won on one or two issues and the issues need national relevance and wattage.

CPEC could be it because it’s blingy and popular, but CPEC is also more roads and electricity.

The Nawaz dream remains an opening to India, but election year here segues into election year there — not really an opening.

And an opening to Central Asia is one of the longer-term fantasies, but Afghanistan seems a mess for the foreseeable future.

Up and down the possibilities you can go — the possibilities that Nawaz could be interested in — and it’s hard to find a fresh and interesting agenda.

More of the same is not exactly a rousing slogan for a historic fourth term.

And that’s the problem were Nawaz to win again — politics is unmerciful if you’re just sticking around for sticking around’s sake.

We already know the vulnerabilities — the unending PTI assault; the Panama crisis; the possibility of slipping up in Punjab just enough to carry the N-League back into coalition terrain.

An agenda-less or stale-agenda government could be the trigger for a re-elected N-League government to find itself engulfed in crisis right away.

And that’s because a funny thing has happened over the past four years: Imran has managed to separate political success from electoral success.

Four years ago, it seemed like a long shot that Imran would keep up this pace of politics.

Four years ago, it seemed like a long shot that Imran would stay relevant with the same style of politics.

And four years ago, it seemed like a long shot that Imran could end up with the same results as 2013 and still be a disruptive political force in 2018.

Now all of that seems real because Imran has sustained a kind of politics that had seemed impossible to sustain.

So who’s to say he won’t go for the jugular again if he loses the elections?

A government without an agenda is a government vulnerable to attack.

Nawaz shouldn’t need to be reminded of that.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 28th, 2017

The Jadhav trap

The writer is a member of staff.

IT started with the Modi government. This business of ending up with Kulbhushan and international law troubles.

But before the crisis, the genesis.

Neither side will easily agree and, in a historical sense, Indo-Pak can go back 70 years. Who started what, why and when — the arguments are endless.

Pakistan is not stuck in the ICJ, but Jadhav was never about legal minutiae. It was about teaching India a lesson.

But Modi was different. Or at least he was willing to try something different.

On, then, to the story.

When Kashmir began to simmer again, an opening presented itself. Since Mumbai, Pakistan had been on the defensive.

Anything it said anywhere on the international stage, it either got beat up on for non-states or was met with cool indifference.

Pakistan complaining about oppression and international law — you’ve got to be kidding us. Add a global eye roll.

Internally too Pakistan was a mess — bombs going off everywhere, vast swathes of the country in the grip of militancy of some kind or the other.

Fix your own house first and stop worrying about Kashmir, the world would essentially tell us.

But then came Zarb-i-Azb and a kind of stability was achieved. And the renewed confidence was met with an unexpected opportunity:

Kashmir started simmering again.

Blame it on Modi and his egregiousness or the father-daughter Mufti duo and their pusillanimity, but the new Kashmir approach triggered an old response.

As Kashmir simmered, Pakistan piped up.

Whatever purpose it served, the best thing was that it was legitimate — anyone looking at Kashmir had to know that it was India that was screwing up yet again.

High legitimacy aside, there was a more prosaic purpose though.

In raising its voice for the oppressed people of Kashmir, Pakistan was helping counter what it saw as Indian propaganda against it.

It made a kind of sense too. If India was determined that the conversation never move on from Mumbai, a simmering Kashmir could at last help change that.

But then Modi did something unexpected.

In response to Pakistan’s response, he went down the Balochistan route.

Suddenly, India was banging on about alleged Pakistani atrocities in Balochistan.

It didn’t make any kind of diplomatic or legal sense and, worse, it looked like a hopeless pursuit.

Balochistan isn’t Kashmir — India could try and equate the two, but there isn’t a market for that anywhere.

No one is going to buy it on the international stage.

But the thuggishness of the Modi strategy had an aspect that few gave much thought to: Pakistan’s response.

India and Pakistan fighting each other to a draw in international forums and on the international stage seemed like a mostly harmless exercise.

Both sides get something to squabble over and carry off to their constituencies as a prize.

We told them. No, we told them.

But it didn’t work out that way. Pakistan upped the ante.

Enter Kulbhushan Jadhav.

Turns out, Pakistan wasn’t going to let it rest at the utter ineffectiveness of the Modi strategy.

Trying and failing to equate Balochistan with Kashmir could have been left at failure of the Indian approach.

It could have simply been interpreted as foolish audacity or the haplessness of the naive.

The logic of global politics wasn’t ever going to bend to the whims of Modi. Not in this.

But Pakistan interpreted it differently. The mere mention of Balochistan was seen as menacing and malign.

It could not go unanswered.

From there began a chain of events. The Kulbhushan train had been set in motion.

Along the way, we’ve learned further things.

The urge to react by both sides, to never let a perceived transgression go unanswered, leads to mistakes that can have wholly unpredictable consequences.

Whether Jadhav has done all that he has been accused and convicted of can be debated.

But in a matter-of-fact way his profile and placement indicate some kind of spycraft.

The mistake India made was in assuming Jadhav could not be or would not be caught.

That somehow the unspoken rules of the spy wars would hold.

But once India tried to change the rules in one area — to try and equate Balochistan with Kashmir — it had opened the door to Pakistan changing the rules in another area.

The mistake Pakistan made was to imagine it was going to teach India a lesson and that would be that.

India was always going to be enraged by the Jadhav capture and conviction — its reaction in that way is precisely the reaction that was being sought.

But what Pakistan did not anticipate is that India may get creative.

Partly, that is down to the absence of quality input — to get the full implications of a death sentence to a foreign national on these charges.

Partly, it is down to civ-mil — the case sitting precisely at the intersection of law and security, it needed close cooperation between the two.

But for that, one side would have had to have consulted the other before setting the whole chain of events in motion.

It is also an age-old institutional malaise — to seek a particular outcome without necessarily thinking through all the options the other side has.

Pakistan is not stuck in the ICJ, but Jadhav was never about legal minutiae. It was about teaching India a lesson.

That necessarily is a battle of perceptions.

In Jadhav, Pakistan intended to get India to back off on the Balochistan stuff and let the world know that India too is up to mischief.

But now we’re in the wildly complicated and intensely legal world of the ICJ.

We weren’t supposed to be here. But then that’s the problem with doing the unexpected.

It lands you in unpredictable places.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 21st, 2017

The wrong consensus?

The writer is a member of staff.

THERE’S consensus: they pulled back from the brink. Sanity prevailed, democracy has been strengthened. We should all be grateful.

So let’s try another version.

Nawaz missed an opportunity, the prime minister has been weakened, democracy may be in trouble and we should all be a little worried about the chief.

Nawaz seems stuck in the same gear — he has a vision and he’ll somehow get to that vision by never reacting to the bad stuff, internally or externally.

The tweet was a rookie’s error, fired off in haste; a chief seemingly out of his depth. Even as it ricocheted around the world, the question was obvious: after rejection, what?

Trite, but true — a crisis is also an opportunity. Out of nowhere, the boys had put themselves in a situation where they’d come under pressure to reaffirm their support for democracy.

Outside the howling sections of the media and the opportunist political lot, there’s a serious world. That world — Pakistan’s partners abroad, influential sectors at home — doesn’t want a coup.

And you can bet all of them, especially the foreign lot, swung into action and counselled restraint. That was Nawaz’s opportunity.

He doesn’t need the boys’ affirmation of democracy; he already knows they can’t — won’t — take over just now. What Nawaz needs is policy space, a seat at the table and the boys willing to listen to him.

The bargain was obvious: work to placate a chief who had come under instant pressure from multiple constituencies and use that goodwill for policy input later.

Instead, Nawaz chose quiet defiance.

Through friends and allies, he let it be known that what was done was done, he had no interest in reopening the notification matter and that if the boys really wanted, they could chuck him out.

It was a wasted moment.

Give the other chap a PR win, if you can get a policy win. The whole mess started because Nawaz wanted a voice in the policy debate again, to give his trade and regional connectivity agenda a shot over the old ways of militarised national security.

Fast forward seven months and the regional dynamic is worse. For reasons internal and external, the trade/regional connectivity agenda is on pause.

The north-south corridor — CPEC — may be in full swing, but the one that the civilians crave, connectivity along the east-west axis, isn’t going anywhere.

Kabul is disillusioned and seems to have lost interest, while Delhi is in an aggressive mood that makes any kind of dialogue difficult.

That’s the second failure of Nawaz. He doesn’t seem to have realised that troubled times regionally are as much an opportunity for gaining space internally than promising times.

Gen, I see what Kabul and Delhi are up to and here’s how I think we, the two of us together, can get them to behave better.

If that annoys Kabul and Delhi, all the better — you burnish your credentials at home with the boys, possibly making them a little less suspicious of you and your motives.

Instead, Nawaz seems stuck in the same gear — he has a vision and he’ll somehow get to that vision by never reacting to the bad stuff, internally or externally.

So the boys wallop him over the head at home and the new Nawaz doesn’t react; do what you will seems to be his new mantra.

It’s better than old Nawaz, who would have plotted revenge and maybe the chief’s ouster, but it still doesn’t get him any closer to what he really wants.

The policy agenda, a seat at the table — it will never be as simple as being gracious to the other side trapped in a situation of its own making.

But it was a sudden, unexpected opening. That opening may be gone.

Civilian incompetence or lack of alacrity though doesn’t by itself endanger democracy. The danger comes from the other side.

Gracious words, nearly unprecedented words, a ringing endorsement of democratic form at least — Bajwa has won praise for defusing a crisis.

Problem is, he’s getting praise for doing the right thing only because he first did the wrong thing.

For folk with an eye on instability, Bajwa has already revealed two troubling flaws: he may not know what he’s doing — devastating in and of itself — and he may not know how to resist pressure.

The tweet was an instant error, almost Musharrafian in its execution and proportions.

The N-League may have been sly or incompetent in trying to wriggle away with doing less than it had agreed to with a watered-down notification.

But the gap between the notification as issued and as agreed with the boys was small enough to file it away for future reference — a reminder that Nawaz will play games.

What it wasn’t worth was a crisis. Especially one in which the next move was not apparent and that exposed the chief to a torrent of criticism from all sides.

Once closure had been agreed to — clear since the day a consensus was reached in the inquiry — the next move should have been obvious:

Brace yourself for a bit of backlash; try and muzzle the pro-Raheel lot that had been on the rampage for months; and hunker down for games that Nawaz may play.

Since none of that was done, the tweet error happened. And the chief left himself with no good options.

If it was just rashness, be afraid. If it was the result of a chief unable to resist pressure, be very afraid.

Once upon a time, to go back to the Musharrafian analogy, the months between June 4 and Oct 12 too had seemed like democracy had won.

Maybe it’s better if we stick to the consensus view. Democracy has been saved.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 14th, 2017

Roar versus silence

The writer is a member of staff.

IT will eventually settle down. Nobody’s taking over, no one’s going home, the original sin wasn’t big enough to justify the ultimate.

But the kerfuffle that exploded into crisis has landed us in a new place. And it’s a tricky place all right.

Forget the silliness of a chief cornered into lashing out, to prove to his own that he is one of theirs and not beholden to a civilian.

Do both sides know how to navigate this new world of the non-takeover and set new rules?

To anyone keeping score, the new chief had already begun to walk the path of the decider, not the follower.

Civ-mil can be spun many ways, but it really comes down to two things: India and Afghanistan.

There’s other stuff that matters, sure, but either the differences aren’t vast or civ and mil have figured out how to share.

Like with the US and China. Sure, there’s some chafing and a lot of grumbling and always some elbowing and gouging, but civ and mil aren’t poles apart.

They both want Chinese and American largesse, attention and acceptance.

Just as importantly, the US and China have figured out how to divide their attention between the civ and mil sides enough to prevent the whole thing from blowing apart.

The only thing that really divides civ and mil is India and Afghanistan. And have a look at Bajwa’s record already.

On India: Kulbhushan, regular trips to Kashmir, angry speeches and a door kept firmly shut.

On Afghanistan: an early, month-long border closure; a new fierceness towards Kabul; and a matter-of-fact acceptance that the Afghan Taliban need to be accommodated.

From a policy perspective, Bajwa was already on his way to joining the pantheon of the boys’ heroes.

There has been one mistake though, which ended up creating a myth and obscuring a deeper problem.

In style at least, Bajwa has cast himself as the anti-Raheel. The predecessor had concentrated power — giving rise to the legend of the Gang of Three, or possibly Five — and embraced a cult of personality.

To move away from that the new chief did two things: he lowered his public profile and has allowed more freewheeling — or what passes as freewheeling among the boys — debate and conversation.

That inadvertently created the myth outside the military of a chief who may somehow be compromised. It was a silly idea, but it also obscured a more dangerous problem.

Beyond a point you don’t want to open up debate, inside the military or about the military.

As long as the debate is about putting corrupt politicians in their place and the like, it’s fine. Par for the course in this place, really, and nothing too harmful.

But debate has a funny way of wandering off in dangerous, unpredictable directions. What starts off as a harmless demand for corrupt politicians to be kept on a tight leash can end up questioning the theoretical legitimacy of democracy.

Or the ideological foundations of the state. Or the physical boundaries and zones of influence of the country.

There’s enough kooky ideas out there to suggest that you don’t want folk outside the democratic arena thinking they’re free to suggest and debate the fringe stuff.

In a way, thankfully, the chief’s tweet by proxy has reversed much of that.

The only thing scarier than the boys at war with the civilians is the boys at war with themselves. The chief’s tweet by proxy has clarified: he’s theirs, he’s the boss and he means business.

But the tweet has exposed a new problem. Call it the non-takeover problem.

The more upright the chief, the more of a straight shooter, the more his-only-business-is-the-boys kind of chief, the more he’s liberated from the suspicion of harbouring greater ambitions.

And being liberated from the suspicion of harbouring greater ambitions means he can say exactly what’s on his mind.

Like he did in the Tweet by proxy.

Crisis triggered. But then there’s the other side of the non-takeover problem: the civilian knows that too.

If one side is liberated to speak its mind because it knows that takeover is not an option, is the other side free to ignore the liberated speaker because it knows takeover isn’t an option?

And so the spectacle of the past week — what had been rejected had not been reissued. Just stony silence.

And that’s where it gets tricky. Do both sides know how to navigate this new world of the non-takeover and set new rules?

In some ways, a draw has already been achieved. One side roared, the other side didn’t blink. Both have something to carry off to their constituencies and mollify the ego.

The boys have their new king, the civilians have their survivor — maybe a bit messy, but messy is what we do best.

If the draw is accepted, it could be a new rule of sorts — but a highly unstable one. Roar versus silence can work the first time round.

But a draw the first time round will affect the next round — there’ll be pressure for the roar to be louder and a draw not to be settled for.

On the other side, there could be a temptation to provoke a louder roar or to retaliate when roared at. Silence is the hardest move of all.

The other option is to accept that a highly public draw was a bad idea — that one side should not have roared and that the other side should not have poked.

But if they knew how to cooperate, we wouldn’t have civ-mil to begin with.

The thought of a four-term PM and a year-and-a-half-old chief with this mutual baggage is an unsettling one.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 7th, 2017

Losing while winning

The writer is a member of staff.

BLAME Panama. A delayed verdict disrupted our crisis cycle. Instead of a regular dose of crisis, we got a lengthy wait.

Nothing, nothing, nothing and then — kaboom.

It’s been quite a week. Multiple crises, many players, but one man at the centre of it all: Nawaz.

It’s been quite a week. Multiple crises, many players, but one man at the centre of it all: Nawaz.

He’s learning that victory can be sour and the rest of us are learning that a political winner can be a policy loser.

First, the politics.

All three of them were in campaign mode this week: Zardari, Imran and Nawaz, the three who hold the keys to the next parliament, trialling campaign messages for the masses in the election next year.

(Demand as Zardari and Imran did for Nawaz to exit, it was obvious neither of them really believes an early election is on the cards. Yesterday, Nawaz confirmed that.)

Zardari’s strategy is the easiest to discern — and the weakest. Batter Nawaz in speeches and cut deals to assemble blocs of votes via the constituency-type candidate.

It won’t get him very far. The PPP will try to regain some seats in old stamping grounds in south Punjab and parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, but the party has an obvious, twin problem: Zardari and Sindh.

Five years can be a lifetime in politics, but it’s too short to make folk forget the horrors of government by Zardari.

And even if folk were willing to forget, they can’t because of Sindh. It’s a single word, single syllable to make most recoil: Sindh, sinned, never again.

And even if folk were willing to give the PPP another shot, there’s the permanent Karachi operation to scuttle the party’s national ambitions.

A few well-timed arrests and some middle-of-the-night messengers to favourably inclined candidates would stop any PPP momentum.

A year is too little for the PPP to try and escape its sideshow status.

On to Imran. Master of drawing attention to himself and his message, he was at it again this week. Ten billion or no billion, nonsensical or crazy like a fox, whatever the hell it was, it worked.

Folk were talking about Imran, folk were talking about bribery and corruption, and folk were wondering about the Sharifs again.

In a week in which the N-League could have further limited the damage from the Panama verdict, Imran produced another sensational claim that sucked all the political oxygen towards the PTI.

But the Friday speech revealed a problem: Imran is still one-dimensional.

Go, Nawaz, go; resignation and corruption — it does not add up to stellar political maths. Imran is launching an election campaign by demanding Nawaz resign — an implicit acknowledgment of PTI failure.

Nawaz isn’t going to resign and the PTI demand that he resign isn’t going to build any pressure on Nawaz to resign.

And that leaves potential voters reminded that Imran has spent an entire parliament demanding futilely that Nawaz resign.

For the PTI core, that’s an admirable sign of principles and consistency. For everyone outside, it’s a sign of a politician who doesn’t know how to get what he wants.

Elections are forward-looking; Imran is turning everyone’s gaze backwards.

It’s not a good start for the PTI.

And then there’s Nawaz. The shots aimed at Imran will delight the base, but the electoral strategy is conventional and time-tested: a combination of delivering reasonably on promises and patronage politics.

Electricity is critical, but the week also illuminated a political reality: the voter’s desire to get more electricity is greater than his desire to punish a government for not getting it to him sooner.

See how as the N-League frantically pumped more megawatts into the system, the political unrest disappeared.

Give him electricity in adequate and regular quantities before election day and the voter won’t punish you.

Patronage too has a different rhythm. The voter dependent on patronage isn’t stupid enough to think that it will flow to them consistently and throughout a government’s term.

There’s always a surge around election time and the trick, for a political party, is make sure it doesn’t drop to unacceptable levels during a government’s term.

Here, the N-League is facing a bit of a struggle: agriculture and small business in Punjab have been hurting.

But you’re only as vulnerable as your enemy makes you. The PTI’s single-issue politics doesn’t exactly do much to expose the N-League’s patronage trouble and the N-League has a year to pump patronage into the system.

So, there it is: PPP starting as an also-ran; PTI tearing out of the gates, but with suspect voter enthusiasm; and the N-League juggernaut having its fate in its own hands.

But for all the favourable political winds, the N-League is strangely engulfed in crisis.

Two mistakes captured the problem: the secret Indian meeting and trying to rid itself of an eight-month-old headache quietly over the weekend.

Both provoked an instant and fierce response and exposed a critical, though familiar, mistake by Nawaz and the N-League: they thought their job was done with the appointment.

Having navigated a tricky Raheel exit and installed a chief very different in style, the N-League seems to have switched off.

Instead of opening a dialogue with a chief yet to figure out what he wanted to do and what the institution he leads will let him do, the N-League let the new guys work on their own with their own — an intra-institutional learning curve guaranteed to produce suspicion of civilians.

Five months later, Nawaz is not just locked out of policy, but is again being reminded where his place is.

It ain’t pretty. Then again, it never is.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 30th, 2017

Year five: victory or curse?

The writer is a member of staff.

THE predictable has happened, but now comes the unpredictable part: what next? Forget the law, let’s get to the politics of it.

At least the timeline is clear.

Thirty days to the month of switching off followed by Eid. Sixty days to a report that can’t be done. In between an election-year budget session.

The court may have just handed Nawaz a tool to prise away a part of the PTI’s core.

Already, an early start to summer — usually four or five months long, this year threatening an agonising six. In a year, a general election and before that, in 10 months or so, a Senate election.

Busy like hell.

So, who’d you rather be: Nawaz or Imran? Get out your crystal ball and let’s indulge in Pakistan’s favourite sport: politics.

Start with Nawaz, the clear winner this week. Winner because he still has his job; winner because Maryam has emerged unscathed; and winner because his fate is in his own hands now.

But winner mostly because this will have gone down well with the base — and possibly, ominously, beyond.

Forget the silliness of a 2-3 split and the faux-literary opening paragraphs. In the world of politics, a very different accounting applies.

And this is it: Nawaz had no clue Panama would happen; he couldn’t have anticipated the scrutiny; he didn’t really want this probe; the Isloo lockdown threat and a CJP looking to legacy on his way out made the hearings happen.

The hearings were held in a hostile environment, daily political screeds outside and withering remarks inside; the N-League looked shaken and the Sharif lawyers uncertain.

Then came a long, rumour-filled and conspiracy-fuelled wait for a verdict; Nawaz was going, going, gone. And yet, here he is, still among us, still PM.

The whole damn episode, instead of bringing him down, may have bullet-proofed him electorally. Because politically there are really only two options.

Either Nawaz is clean or he’s got the establishment on his side. And either of those options may as well be electoral gold for Nawaz.

If you’re thinking you’ll eat your hat if Nawaz is clean, save yourself a perfectly decent hat. Clean electorally is the chap who isn’t stupid or unfortunate enough to get caught.

With the N-League base, Nawaz stands vindicated. Nothing, not the combined hostility of the opposition, media and possibly the judiciary, was able to prove a single thing against him.

The flip side of believing the judicial process is flawed, is believing that the judicial process can be rigged.

For the N-League base, surely, Nawaz surviving by the narrowest of margins is Nawaz surviving the most vicious of attacks.

If your enemies can’t slay you, even when they gang up, there’s a leader worth supporting.

The base is secure.

More ominous is the potential effect beyond. The core of the PTI is the anti-corruption, urban cohort. If the census/constituency demarcation process delivers on time, the PTI core’s electoral footprint will grow.

The court may have just handed Nawaz a tool to prise away a part of the PTI’s core.

Think of it this way. In 2013, if you hated Zardari and Nawaz’s corruption and felt Imran may deliver, you’d have voted PTI.

The next time round, if after the greatest scrutiny in the history of politics, nothing is proven against Nawaz; if the N-League has delivered reasonably on its 2013 electoral promises; and if you’ve tired of Imran’s single-issue politics — would you maybe give Nawaz another look?

That’s all Nawaz needs — a second look.

And just maybe — and surely inadvertently — the court itself has buttressed the case for some PTI voters giving Nawaz a second look with this business of bringing the boys in.

If Nawaz survives the JIT, it would be the triple crown. First, the international dimension, the Panama Papers, ended up proving nothing.

Now, the Supreme Court itself, the highest court in the land, after months and months of the most intense scrutiny, has found nothing.

Next, if an investigation that ropes in the boys themselves ends up proving nothing definitive — by God, who the hell wouldn’t want to be Nawaz?

And if you go with the other option, that Nawaz has somehow brought the judicial-military establishment onto his side, that he’s done some backroom deal, then nothing like it.

Vote for a popular, results-delivering, three-term Punjabi prime minister who knows how to work with or prevail over the system?

The N-League may as well start printing ballots now.

But then there’s that year-long timeline ahead. And that’s why we had the spectacle of twin celebrations this week.

The PTI may be a one-trick pony — go Nawaz, go — but it’s a trick that’s allowed it to fight the N-League to a draw.

The PTI today is essentially where the PTI was four years ago: second, behind the N-League. A distant second maybe, but still second and arguably within striking distance if the stars align and the N-League stumbles.

And both could still happen.

There’s a funny thing about the five-year parliamentary system we’ve settled on: it feels out of sync with our politics.

The last time round, the fifth year had a touch of superfluousness to it; of political capital spent, ideas expired and a desultory wait for the political executioner.

Four years is enough, five a bit too much.

Imran and the PTI will know that. Nawaz and the PML-N will fear it.

Not for nothing is politics the national sport.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 23rd, 2017

We, the evil

The writer is a member of staff.

IN that pause — between the killing and the coverage and the condemnation — we learned something. The stomach churns and the heart sinks to say it.

It will happen again.

Because in that silence, of the media, the government and the state, we learned that society, on this issue and in this area, is stronger than the state.

The only thing we don’t know and the thing we must fear is that the next time may come quicker; that instead of years, it may be months or weeks.

Because this time it was different. It happened for a different reason and in a different world.

The only thing we don’t know and the thing we must fear is that the next time may come quicker; that instead of years, it may be months or weeks.

The different reason: the state fomented this violence. Usually, it’s a bunch of fanatics armed with maybe an economic motive against a poor fool caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Sudden but targeted, it wouldn’t have the bush-fire potential to spread or be emulated. But this time the state itself has said, there are blasphemers hiding among you, the people; find them!

So now the people are finding them.

And it has happened in a different world. A world of online and social media and smartphones and viral videos.

Before the muted media coverage or the belated political condemnation, the videos were already ricocheting around the country.

A few short years ago, it may have been a few grainy videos. Now, they are in HD and at every step and from every angle.

That’s a problem.

Because while the videos will have caused many to recoil, the visuals and the audio will have made others rejoice.

Turn up the volume and hear the howls and screams. This wasn’t ignorance or the lack of knowledge; it was total belief and piety.

They weren’t screaming for blood; they were chanting the name of God.

The videos are an advertisement and an admonition: this is what we will do, this is what you need to do and this is what must be done.

Like snuff films for the masses, it took minutes and hours for the videos to spread; it’s taken days for the state to respond — a gap that may as well have been an eternity because of the effectiveness of the former and the flaccidness of the latter.

And in the state’s claim that no crime was committed by the victim lies a denial of reality — it doesn’t matter to the murderous that an innocent life was taken.

An innocent life is a price worth paying to defend the higher cause — that no one in no way and at no time may ever even think of doing what the dead man was accused of doing.

If it takes the life of an innocent to reinforce that important message, so be it. It’s pointless of the state to insist he was innocent.

And it is a different world for a second reason: Mumtaz Qadri.

The shrine that has risen atop his grave is the new Lal Masjid. A dangerous, violent and open provocation, in just over a year it has achieved iconic status on the fringes.

To pray at his graveside and spread flowers on his grave is to pledge allegiance to what the executed convict has come to stand for.

Don’t be surprised if it is revealed that several from the Mardan mob have been to the shrine. Don’t be surprised if the next killer or killers will have done the same.

Qadri as a symbol is doubly dangerous because, like in Mardan, the guilt or innocence of the victim doesn’t matter.

The Taseer assassination moved the goalposts: killed not for the crime, but for questioning the law. The Mardan mob has moved them further: kill the suspect, even if innocent, as a warning to all.

The Qadri shrine sanctions both. Instead of being erased from history or remembered for being punished by the state, he is being written into folklore as the vanguard of a new movement.

It must end.

But it won’t. Because the state blinked and has shown its hand. The delayed condemnations are irrelevant; what was needed was a full-throated and immediate defence of the good and the right and the true.

Why did they blink though?

They do it every time, whoever’s in power. In private, the rationale offered is mostly the same: religious passions are easily inflamed, wildly unpredictable and wholly dangerous.

If already inflamed, give them a controlled outlet. Burning a building or two, holding a fiery protest or three, tends to dissipate passions.

And when already inflamed, don’t do anything to worsen it and never do anything that could cause them to turn on you.

So you can see why they keep quiet when the fire has just been lit and is freshly raging. What if there is even a sliver of plausibility for the violent lot in the accusation of the mob?

You don’t know want to be the guy who spoke up too quickly for someone accused of you-know-what.

It is, of course, cowardice and a dereliction of duty. But perhaps understandable in the context of a terrified few in the face of the enraged many.

But there is another side. What if, just maybe, the state and the government, or elements within them, are aligned with the savage public on this issue?

Look up the history of the transition to a mandatory death penalty for the crime. Look up the Criminal Law (Third Amendment) Bill, 1991. Remember who was in power then. Look up what they said at the time.

Look around and see where they are now.

Happy Easter.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 16th, 2017

The dream lives on?

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S not quite riddle-mystery-enigma level, but it’s worth revisiting why. Especially now that the fling seems to be over.

Why did the boys want the PTI to topple the PML-N?

The other way round — why did the PTI need the boys’ help? — is not very interesting. All ambitious sorts, seeking to vault to the top, need a bit of help.

And when it comes to the very top, there’s only one institution that can massage results across the board.

The Imran question, though, is interesting.

This business of trashing the second to last chief and opposing the last one’s Saudi sinecure, it’s vintage Imran.

He’s always been a maverick. And because that’s often manifested itself devoid of history and fact, that makes him dangerous.

Plus, he’s not anyone’s political creation. He waded into politics when he didn’t need to and he didn’t stand a chance for years and years.

And when his brand of politics finally did catch fire, it’s because a surging demographic bolted to his camp, not because they were herded there.

All of that to say, Imran is an unreliable partner. If it took ZAB a while and Nawaz a decade to grow too big for their boots, Imran was already there.

This business of trashing the second to last chief and opposing the last one’s Saudi sinecure, it’s vintage Imran — loud, brash and unpredictable.

Assuming the boys wanted him as PM, what the hell were they thinking a few short years ago?

Helpfully, Zardari has chipped in with a reminder of the first part of the why-Imran argument: as a block to total power for Nawaz.

In alluding to the PPP’s role as kingmaker in the next election, Zardari has harkened back to pre-2013 election politics.

The era of Zardari had proved that coalitions work well for the boys’ needs. A governing party with partners is a governing party that is beholden, on edge and at risk.

It keeps the governing party distracted, having to pander to allies’ needs, and it introduces a fundamental element of uncertainty.

Not bound by law to support a government, coalition allies can bring down a government if the incentives and maths are right.

The problem those few short years ago was that the PPP had taken itself out of the running. Because, insurmountably, it’s the PPP and because Zardari had engineered the collapse of the PPP.

Imran, though, was ascendant. The twin governments of the PPP at the centre and the N-League in Punjab had produced the twin spectres of corruption and dynastic politics.

Exactly the stuff that Imran had built his political career railing against.

If Imran didn’t exist, he would have had to be invented. And no invention could have dreamt of coming close to capturing the urban, middle-class zeitgeist as Imran was already doing.

The boys had their man.

But why did they need a guy — their guy — to begin with? The Zardari era had already produced a template for cleaving apart national security and foreign policy from the drudgery of running the economy and balancing the books.

Even if Nawaz returned to power, by himself or astride a wobbly coalition, it’s not like he’d have been able to enact a sweeping agenda.

The last four years have pretty much demonstrated that.

But Nawaz was not Zardari and there begin the reasons for the boys needing a guy, their guy.

The glib ones are well known enough to attract derision. Like BB, Nawaz was a threat because he knew the system and wanted to change the system.

But unlike BB, Nawaz may have had both the will and a path to changing the system.

Essentially Nawaz was: male, Punjabi, from inside the system, burned by the system, beloved by his people, and with the kernel of an idea that could destroy the system.

The idea: opening up to India would set in motion a chain of events that may bring the cherished idea of civilian supremacy to fruition.

If it sounds high-minded, it’s not: an opening to India would benefit Punjab first and the most; and civilian supremacy could ensure a generational transfer of power among the Sharifs.

Again, that’s reached almost folklore status, a myth to be sneered at or cheered on depending on your politics.

But there’s another side to it.

To effect his agenda or even half of it, or even a tenth, Nawaz would, inadvertently or not, be unleashing a redefinition of the very idea of Pakistani nationalism, of what it means to be Pakistani.

That is the red line.

The boys aren’t implacably, eternally and forever opposed to an opening to India in some form or shape.

And they aren’t implacably, eternally and in principle opposed to sharing power with the civilians.

But an opening to India must not and cannot tamper with the idea of Pakistan, of what it means to be Pakistan and Pakistani.

And power sharing must be on rational terms; civilians focusing on and improving the civilian side of the state and progressively acquiring the experience to take on bigger issues.

For all those things, Imran was perfect.

He had no burning external ambition. His version of nationalism chimed with the boys’. And his domestic agenda couldn’t have been scripted better had it been written by the boys:

Politicians bad; the people great; hard work and honesty would make Pakistan rise; and everyone should stick to their job and know their place.

The bet on Imran didn’t pay off.

He couldn’t deliver and, for now, seems unwilling to follow orders or seek direction.

But the dream that caused the bet on Imran as PM surely lives on.

And for all of us whose name isn’t Imran, that should be the worry.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 9th, 2017

Different but same

The writer is a member of staff.

HE arrived to the usual frenzy of curiosity, though some of it was unusual. Most powerful man in Pakistan — the very job description attracts it.

But Bajwa was more. Victim of an ugly hit job while still candidate. Lampooned as Nawaz’s man when he got the nod. Architect of a soft purge as soon as Raheel was out the door.

And then silence.

It made sense. Raheel’s hyper visibility had caused unease among the senior lot and an adjustment was necessary by the successor.

Plus, for bureaucratic reasons, a new chief takes a while to figure out the job and what he wants to do — or even all that he can do. Total power takes some time adjusting to.

Like it or not, advertently or inadvertently, Bajwa has got his political toes wet.

Four months in, though, a more assured, more visible chief is increasingly speaking for himself and allowing surrogates to speak on his behalf.

And it’s beginning to look and sound awfully familiar.

Take this business of meeting Imran. Better to reveal it than not because if word got out later, a secret meeting would look much, much worse.

Since they’re sticking to banalities, we can guess what it was about. Bajwa surrogates have been insisting that a resetting of frayed ties with Saudi and the UAE has been down to the new boss.

They’ve been coy about what the problem was in the first place, especially with the UAE, but it doesn’t take much to figure out that Imran’s mercurial bent necessitated the chief’s intervention.

There’s only one thing Imran has talked about recently other than Nawaz: Raheel — and Pakistan tacking closer to Saudi.

With Nawaz and Imran at war, Bajwa couldn’t very well rely on civilian persuading civilian. So, to the extent that the policy is set and persuasion necessary, the Imran meeting makes an institutional kind of sense.

But let’s not kid ourselves: the chief has blithely crossed a political line.

A meeting at this time and in this way — with Panama looming, and held in secret and revealed only after the fact — suggests two things.

Bajwa knew what it would look like. And Bajwa didn’t care what it would look like because what the chief needs of Imran is more important.

You can bet — and bet every last rupee you have — that Imran will have used the meeting to say a thing or two about Panama and corruption.

He’d have been crazy not to. The meeting itself has put Imran on an equal political footing of sorts with Nawaz — hey, look, the chief wants to talk to me!

And from there, there’s no one in the history of politics, anywhere and at any time, who wouldn’t grab the chance to aim a kick at his greatest rival.

Imran’s no fool. And the PTI will know a gift when they see it.

Like it or not, advertently or inadvertently, Bajwa has got his political toes wet. Different maybe to Kayani during the long march and Raheel during the dharna, but a familiar line has been crossed.

Intervention, though, is unlikely to become the norm.

Like his immediate predecessors, Bajwa will know that intervention-as-the-norm is unnecessary and undesirable — do it too often and the civilians may start to get funny ideas about being a chief’s equal.

What we must wait and see is how it’ll affect him.

We know how it turned out with the predecessors. Kayani discovered he wanted to hang on and found a way to. Raheel discovered the same thing, but couldn’t find a way to.

Four months in, has the countdown to 2018 begun?

To the familiar hypotheticals, a bunch of real stuff can be added. As words and deeds reveal the Bajwa approach, the difference becoming evident is of style, not substance.

Kayani was a self-styled thinker. Raheel was a do-er, to the point of exhaustingly so; there being few days where he wasn’t travelling somewhere or the other.

But in the big-picture, policy sense, Kayani and Raheel ended up the same. Afghanistan was a problem; India the enemy; and the anti-state side of the militant apparatus had to be progressively dismantled.

Domestically — politically — the civilians were allowed some space to govern, but were occasionally and spectacularly reminded of their incompetence and corruption.

Kayani and Raheel: different but same. Four months in, Bajwa is showing that he, too, may be different but same. The evidence is accumulating.

In style, Bajwa tried to be the anti-Raheel — to the point of folk wondering whether he understood the institutional and PR aspects of the job.

But as we hear more from him, as his ISPR clicks into gear and as more surrogates bubble up behind the scenes to dilate on the chief’s approach, the Bajwa camp’s talking points and actions are beginning to sound and look awfully familiar.

On Afghanistan, on India, on militancy, on Balochistan, on politics and, yes, on civilian incompetence and corruption in the guise of Panama and Sindh.

There is, though, the other side. If Nawaz is disappointed, he isn’t showing it. Nor is he showing any sign of changing his own approach.

The approach: don’t retaliate and don’t react, but don’t cave in either.

Because the flip side of the boys not needing to take over is the civilians knowing that mere inaction — not retaliating, not reacting, but not caving in either — can ensure their survival.

So, four months in, if the chimera of true civ-mil cooperation is disappearing again, at least the familiar is asserting itself.

Different, but same.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 2nd, 2017

Old wounds, new history

The writer is a member of staff.

IT could just be the absence of meaty stuff. No Panama, Fasaad already inducing yawns — the national circus needed some excitement.

And there’s nothing like a bit of civilian bashing to energise the system again.

Maybe it’ll disappear once Panama returns or something new and unexpected happens — never say never in this land of ours.

But already it has taken a turn for the nasty. History is being rewritten at will.

On, then, to this Osama business. World’s deadliest terrorist found in Pakistan; Pakistan caught with either its trousers down or hand in hand with said world’s deadliest terrorist.

Not a great place to be, was always going to have repercussions, etc.

It takes a special kind of distortion though for, six years later, a contrived dispute over visas to eclipse the real issue.

But there’s a reason for it.

From Raymond Davis to the Abbottabad raid to Mike ‘Haqqani Network is a Veritable Arm of the ISI’ Mullen to Memogate — 2011 was an annus horribilis, for civ-mil and Pak-US.

And, improbably, it was all connected.

Years later, there’s no real reason to disbelieve the core of the boys’ public claim.

Zardari and co probably did facilitate a surge in American intel types in Pakistan, and Zardari and co probably did make some kind of misguided/foolish/idiotic offer to the Americans in Memogate.

But — and this is important — that’s not really what angered the boys.

What scared them was that a master dealmaker in Zardari and a frustrated Pentagon and disillusioned White House on the other side might actually pull off something.

Something that would loosen the boys’ iron grip.

Rewind to 2010. Kayani was popular and had forced Zardari into retreat. By year end, Kayani had grabbed an extension for himself and things were looking pretty bleak for the PPP.

The more exotic the fear, the better — it prevents debate on even the more reasonable aims that the civilians may have in mind.

Bleak not in survival terms — the extension all but guaranteed a full term for the PPP as a quid pro quo — but in terms of policy.

After the no-first-strike and ISI-to-Interior missteps early on, the PPP had been muscled out. The Mumbai attacks sealed the civilians’ irrelevance.

But Zardari, for all his love of money and property, wanted something more than mere puppet or figurehead status.

Maybe it was the memory of BB and a desperation to be seen as her equal, but he wanted back in the policy game.

And that’s where the trouble began — again.

If you hate Zardari, you believe he’ll do anything for money and is motivated by nothing else. If you can allow yourself a wee bit of generosity, you may be able to put your finger on the policy disagreement.

It’s not very hard to see what both sides may have been thinking.

The civilian preference was straightforward and timeless — though, equally obviously, fiendishly difficult to effect: shut down the jihad network at home, bolster the precarious Afghan state and open up to India.

Rebuffed by the boys within months of arriving, and having complicated partners in Kabul and Delhi, Zardari turned to the obvious power with the obvious interest and the obvious clout: the US.

His recent publicly expressed disappointment with Obama tells its own tale, but back then Zardari did what all civilians, desperate and uncertain but dogged in their own way, do:

Offered whatever the hell he thought may cause the Americans to show interest in him again.

On the other side, the boys didn’t — couldn’t — really think that Zardari would succeed.

After all, 9/11 and Bush’s ‘bombed back to the stone age’ had only resulted in a shelving of the jihad project, not dismantling it.

But allow a large-scale American intel presence inside Pakistan, ostensibly in the hunt for Bin Laden, and dangerous, funny, other things could start to happen.

Take your pick. Targeted militant eliminations outside the Fata box where drone strikes weren’t permitted.

Mapping the jihad infrastructure minutely. Updating war plans against Pakistan. Defections by military types secretly cultivated.

And, of course, gathering information on and potentially disrupting the build-up of what the US says is the world’s fastest growing nuclear arsenal. Think North Korea.

If all of that sounds exotic, it is. The more exotic the fear, the better — it prevents debate on even the more reasonable aims that the civilians may have in mind.

Reasonable, but far-reaching.

When Memogate exploded, the public justification was found.

The visa issue had been brewing from the previous summer. Mullen, who famously courted Kayani, had launched an attack on his way out.

The Abbottabad raid had become a local humiliation; not because Osama was holed up near Kakul, but because the vaunted military had been powerless to stop the raid.

Memo or no memo, American spies running around Pakistan or not, the year until late 2011 had created a systemic disturbance.

The military was reeling under internal tumult and external criticism; Zardari was prowling around for more influence; and the Americans had soured on Pakistan.

It was time for an intervention.

We all know how that turned out. Husain was too conniving, Zardari naive, Obama already disengaged and the boys unduly paranoid.

So, the boys won — as they mostly do. Pakistan? That’s another matter.

But if they’re old wounds, why the fresh fake outrage? Because the civilians can’t be allowed to forget who’s boss, or what the boys can do to them.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 26th, 2017

The war against online

The writer is a member of staff.

JUDGES run amok, politicians moralising, the state crusading. It’s like they all had an epiphany — at the same time, on the same issue.

What’s happening?

With so many different strands, some random, several opportunistic, and the mixing of the old with the new, a coherent tale is hard to find.

But zoom out a bit and it’s there all right.

Religion under threat is as old as, well, religion. More interesting are the attacks on the alleged transmitter of the latest alleged mischief: the world of online.

There is no evidence, none that has been publicly offered or credibly advanced in private, that there has been a surge in counter-religious narratives online.

That’s not really surprising. There’s no real market for it and, more to the point, no real producers of it in the counter-culture.

Young or old, coordinated or uncoordinated, a surge would need a counter-culture to tap into. Like arguably the one viciously under attack in Bangladesh.

Since the Russian influence waned decades ago and after the Zia purge of state and society, the — to put it delicately — religio-sceptical tradition is pretty much non-existent in the country.

But while demand is limited and production unlikely in the extreme, the oversight game has caught up and done what all overseers do when confronted by technological change: stirred panic over what they don’t understand and then latched on to the panic to justify extending their control.

Basically, the state and its various appendages fell behind the technology curve early, but then poured massive resources into mastering the online world and that has helped reverse the asymmetry.

Now, it’s the state with powerful surveillance tools and the individual citizen under threat.

It’s happened all over the world, but there’s a local flavour to it here. Rewind to the early days of the dish-antenna, private-TV boom.

More interesting are the attacks on the alleged transmitter of the latest alleged mischief: the world of online.

The need for control quickly became apparent. As is now well known, the fear of being infected by an Indian perspective and the realisation of the nationalist potential of private media triggered a revolution.

That private-media revolution was messy at first, but control was eventually mastered.

The same impetus to control is again evident, but it sits at the confluence of different factors. The most basic difference being how the internet works.

TV could be unleashed because the means to eventually harness it were obvious too. There are only so many channels, owners and anchors, and few means of distribution.

You can’t bypass the state. With the internet you can, or can try to.

On to the confluence of the other new factors. There’s at least four of them, one of which is obvious.

Internet use is climbing. For the usual technological reasons — cheaper devices, faster access, more content — and also because of policy tweaks like infrastructure spending and 3G/4G licensing.

That more Pakistanis are going online is obvious. It could, though, just as easily have resulted in confusion. Like more cars hasn’t added up to more disciplined driving or better traffic management.

But that’s where the other three factors kick in.

The surveillance state has grown. It is only whispered about and part of it is the usual faddishness and corruption-related possibilities that expensive technologies attract.

Its roots may even lie in the fight against militancy and the intelligence cooperation that Pakistan has engaged in with Western countries.

Whatever the reasons, the infrastructure of surveillance is rumoured to have grown significantly, on both the civ and mil sides of the state.

New powers in the hands of old curmudgeons can have funny effects.

But it’s not just that the internet has gone mainstream, it’s that the battles online have gone mainstream.

More and wider usage alone may not have triggered alarm. Like the occasional rants against cheap overnight mobile phone calls corrupting the youth and the half-hearted war on porn, the puritans and the corrupt could have continued to coexist in society.

But then politicians got on the internet bandwagon and turned social media into a battleground. Online went from something some people were doing to something everyone was talking about.

And that’s never a good place for freedom to find itself here.

Thrilled, scared, flummoxed, aghast — if the mainstream political stuff can leave both participant and observer reeling, you can guess the impact that the farther reaches of the internet could have on the puritanical voyeur.

The political mainstreaming of social media and the like has helped make it a target for a certain, cleansing sort.

And then there’s the possibility that few will admit.

There may still be no real NAP implementation and no narrative against extremism, but there has been a shift.

From Zarb-i-Azb to the justification for military courts to the hanging of Mumtaz Qadri and an incipient willingness among the powerful to push back against blasphemy allegations, the slightest of shifts can be discerned.

The misuse of religion for political and terroristic ends can now, in the softest, most incipient of ways, be called out.

That change — necessary to some and embraced by the many — will have been interpreted differently by the opposite camp.

Flip it around. You happen to be someone from the previous consensus — that militants are misguided, but ultimately men of faith who can be shown the right path with patience and through dialogue.

From that reverse perspective, suddenly, it is religion itself that is under attack in the guise of a war against terrorism.

From that perspective, there is a need to reassert the perceived foundations of the state. From that perspective, there is a need to find easy targets.

There’s few easier than the world of online.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 19th, 2017

Panama time

The writer is a member of staff.

THE rumour mill is in overdrive, everyone’s got a theory or two, folk are on the verge of eruption and conniptions. It’s circus time again.

Panama is in the air.

So let’s jump on the bandwagon and try and figure out where this car crash is headed.

The smart money is on Nawaz surviving, but the family getting smacked around for its financial misdeeds/habits.

The iffy money is on Maryam getting ensnared and knocked out of electoral contention for 2018.

The silly money is on Nawaz being ousted, temporarily or permanently, and a shattered N-League either hanging on till 2018 or being led to electoral slaughter immediately.

But what after? And what has Panama done already?

Let’s start with familia Sharif. They’ve tried to hush it up and bury it with public silliness and faux-affection, but there’s real tension.

Maybe even an imminent civil war.

It’s a classic problem. There can only be one king and the other is sick of being a prince. By 2013, the brother in Punjab had already tired of being No 2.

The endless embarrassments of the last year have shown that the apples have fallen far from the tree of Abbaji.

Punjab is vast, but Punjab is also boring. At the centre, you get to play with the big boys. Fix electricity, tour the world, be the centre of attention.

But No 2 was rebuffed by No 1 and you can bet it has lingered.

Nawaz may have had his reasons and may even have been right. The uber-administrator Shahbaz isn’t a vote-getter and hasn’t had the impulsive beaten out of him like Nawaz has.

Plus, if you vacate Punjab, it sets off a headache-inducing succession scramble. See who all hedged their bets in 2013, opting for both a Punjab seat and parliament.

But that’s old news.

The repudiation in 2013 set up a different game: the eventual switch to the next generation. And it’s here where familia Sharif has botched it, so far.

The ambition of Maryam has disrupted what should have been a relatively smooth transition after the other side of the family had championed Hamza as the heir apparent.

Hamza has yet to impress, but he has quietly accumulated experience managing the party in Punjab. All fun and games, really, and about par for the course for the average power family.

Until the Panama stuff appeared out of nowhere.

You don’t have to be a Sharif to see that one side of the family really screwed up. Greed and incompetence are a toxic combination.

For a year now, the Sharif name and three generations of family have been dragged through the mud. The sacred Abbaji has become a punchline in the afterlife.

It will have infuriated and, for one side of the family at least, it’s clear who is to blame.

The endless embarrassments of the last year have shown that the apples have fallen far from the tree of Abbaji.

There were no geniuses in the second generation and the third has produced what appear to be extravagant, incompetent clowns.

Whip all of that together and you have a Sharif family drama that may be on the verge of exploding.

The smart money is on them papering it over and keeping it together until at least 2018.

But smart is the one thing the family does not appear to have a lot of, at least not yet.

A dire court verdict could bring the Sharif family war out into the open.

It would also come at a particularly awkward moment.

Obsessed as the N-League is with Imran and the PTI, the party is clearly seeing something on the ground.

Never a party of shrinking violets to begin with, the edge to the N-League’s politics of late suggests something else is going on.

Zoom in to Punjab.

There is only one path to power: a sweep of Punjab; a dominating performance that repeats the astonishing success of 2013.

Slip up by even 10 or 15 per cent in Punjab and there’s no obvious way to make up the difference in the other provinces.

The margin between outright victory and a coalition government — with coalition partners unknown — in the next parliament is so thin that, effectively, the N-League has to approach the election like it’s the PTI.

Intense, relentless and giving no quarter.

Wrap the electoral problem around the Sharif family drama and we may have delicious days ahead.

These should be good days for the PML-N in Punjab. The PPP has imploded and the PTI seems desultory and riven by factionalism.

The N-League should be in a position to select whoever it wants for whichever seat it wants and possibly the runner-up and third place chap, too.

It may well, by the time tickets are finalised in the very distant future, a few weeks out from the next election.

But the always-present, ever-tricky question for N-Leaguers — align yourself with Nawaz or Shahbaz? There being no middle ground for most — is getting more complicated than ever.

Choose wrong and oblivion may await. Wait too long to choose and the door to other parties may shut.

And into that already most delicate of political calculations, add the Panama confusion: what if the court issues a dire verdict?

Behind every circus here, there’s usually a bunch of hard-edged choices to be made.

Win or lose in court, the Sharifs and the N-League are primed for an almighty fight outside.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 12th, 2017

Hybrid courts

The writer is a former ambassador to Iraq and Turkey.

FATA gets democracy; Pakistan will get military courts — same decision-makers, two very different decisions.

How the hell do you reconcile the two?

The easiest answer is what the boys want the boys eventually get — military courts. The slightly more complicated answer is that where the boys don’t have a hard preference, the civilians get to make some decisions — democracy for Fata.

The hardest answer is that democracy and the pillars on which it is built are a contested notion here — what the Constitution says and what the people, especially the decision-makers, believe are very different things.

You can see it in both tracks, the road to democracy in Fata and the imminent return of military courts in the country. Pakistan has an ambivalent relationship with individual rights.

Look at what they’re going to do in Fata. The law and the Constitution will be extended to Fata, but in hybrid form, the Rewaj Act.

A silliness rooted in the oldest of excuses: the people aren’t ready for modernity; they need a legal system they can relate to.

Maybe. But so what?

Most of Fata is comparable to swathes of Balochistan. But you won’t find anyone arguing that Balochistan’s tribal character means it needs a tribal justice system.

The custodians of democracy in Pakistan don’t really subscribe to the core values of our constitutional democracy.

And all of Fata isn’t the same — the northern parts have pockets that are developmentally comparable to much of Pakistan.

Plus, the gateway districts of KP have transformed life in Fata, while the displacement of much of Fata’s population in recent years has put it in touch with the regular systems the rest of the country has.

Yet, Fata will get a hybrid legal system because the state can’t imagine it having a normal one.

Flip over to this military courts business.

The problem isn’t a bunch of people getting unfair trials. If that were the reason for rejection, you’d have to oppose virtually every court in the country.

The jails are full of innocent people is not a punchline in this land of ours.

It also isn’t really about where you come down on the trade-off between security and freedom. All countries make those decisions and most get them wrong.

And military courts clearly serve a purpose, a double one. They allow the military to dispose of the worst of the militants in their custody in what the military can regard as an honourable manner.

And they send a signal to the public that the state is taking seriously its responsibility to fight militancy. Extraordinary measure in extraordinary times by an extraordinary machine fighting an extraordinary war.

If that were the extent of it, it would be fine. So much else that is messed up here, what’s another contortion or two?

But military courts deepens — and institutionalises — the ambivalence that the state has towards your rights.

Knock away all the fancy stuff like due process and right to a fair trial and try and peer at what informs the decision to institute military courts.

Arm-twisting by the boys and cheerleading by some civilians aside, the decision is rooted in a lack of faith and belief — in the way that the state is formally structured, in the rights enshrined in the Constitution and in democracy itself.

In subtle but meaningful ways, the custodians of democracy in Pakistan, the elected representatives of the people, don’t really subscribe to the core values of our constitutional democracy.

And none of that silliness about being corruption-free and the will of the people.

They don’t inviolably believe in fundamental rights that are inalienable. Many don’t even understand it.

Try this for a minute. In the Constitution, the articles that are most famous are political — the once-upon-a-time 58(2)b and probably the disqualification stuff, Articles 62/63.

Of the principles of the state, the most famous is religious — the Objectives Resolution and its nod to theocracy.

Now, try thinking of a single fundamental right with similar acclaim. It’s right there in the Constitution, a whole section dedicated to it up front.

It’s even helpfully labelled Chapter 1: Fundamental Rights. If you can guess a few, you probably won’t be able to match article with right.

There’s 21 of them, which itself would be news to most. Many of them archaic, but not one of them known by heart and repeated at will by anyone anywhere, citizen, elected representative or general.

It’s not an error. It’s coded into this place.

It strives to be a democracy, but is still working out what democracy means.

By itself, nothing unusual there. An admirable quest and a vaunted struggle across much of the world.

The problem is that while we dither, other forces are locking us onto a path that is anti-democratic.

Fata can get roads, dams and mobile phones — but it can’t get a regular local justice system. It needs Rewaj.

Pakistan will win its war against militancy — but winning means altering the very democratic foundations of the state. It needs military courts.

Resistance is hard because it has to be explained. And rights have to be explained because there’s no real constituency for it.

It’s tempting to break these things down into civ-mil binaries: one side good, other side bad.

It’s tempting to dismiss all politicians as self-interested scum.

Where it gets alarming, though, is that neither side, civilian or military, is fundamentally on your side, the average citizen. They don’t fundamentally believe in your rights.

Hail the reforms. Prepare to welcome back military courts.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 5th, 2017

A return to confusion

The writer is a member of staff.

A VAGUE new operation, a court judgement unknown — the only thing that felt real this week was the fear.

Fake bomb, real bomb, Lahore confirmed that anxiety stalks the land again. A nascent trust in the state’s ability to protect has cracked.

Let’s work through the bits we know, and the few we can guess at.

For a decade or so, we were slowly zooming in, pinching our fingers closer; now we’re zooming out, spreading our fingers apart.

Military operations work. Where they are meant to recover territory, they do. Swat is steady and North Waziristan no more terror central.

Where operations are meant to deny free movement to militants, they do. Bajaur, Mohmand, South Waziristan — none of them truly normal, but a long way removed from a decade ago.

Military operations don’t work. In none — zero — of the areas in which the military has gone in has the military been able to leave. Drawdowns, adjustments, tweaks to the mission — but nowhere an exit.

That’s fine. It’s a long war. We can’t very well not fight it.

Zarb-i-Azb was a transition from pure counterinsurgency to more complicated counterterrorism. Because North Waziristan was different — both a terror bastion and a hub from which Pakistan proper could be penetrated.

Look up a map. NWA to Lakki, Tank and D.I. Khan — and then all of Pakistan opens up: central and north Punjab and the triangle where Sindh, Balochistan and south Punjab meet.

It was terror’s dream. Dismantling the NWA hub and spokes took about two years — wrapped up in the sound of jets pounding NWA and the jargon of intelligence-based operations.

Zarb-i-Azb was the end of the plan. From Kayani and Swat and South Waziristan, the outline of the plan had been evident.

Hesitatingly-methodically, like so much else here, the plan was executed. Sweep up and sweep down the map until you’re left with a concentration of militants in North Waziristan.

Then smash them there and follow that up breaking the spokes that reached out into the provinces and the cities.

It was roughly a 10-year plan, from the early days of Kayani to the last of Raheel.

Fasaad is the articulation of failure. From Swat to North Waziristan, agree with the approach and the pace or not, you could see the outline of the plan.

Now, worryingly, we’re stuck in a loop and maybe worse.

There was an obvious problem with the plan until North Waziristan. Because it was a contingent problem, dependent on a bunch of other variables, it didn’t get discussed much:

After North Waziristan, what if the militants found sanctuary in Afghanistan?

You can see why it was never addressed — doing so would have meant a higher-level strategic shift and military operations don’t wait for ideal scenarios.

Now the problem has become real. The boys’ response has been to retool Zarb-i-Azb, but already it feels inadequate.

From a hub-and-spoke model of North Waziristan and penetrating into Pakistan proper, we have an eastern Afghanistan hub that is radiating into Pakistan.

But we can’t smash the Afghan hub like we could NWA. So the boys have chosen the next best thing: intensifying the dismantling of terror linkages inside Pakistan and doing more to interdict at the border.

Think of it this way: for a decade or so, we were slowly zooming in, pinching our fingers closer; now we’re zooming out, spreading our fingers apart.

Doesn’t look like success, does it? Nor much by way of a plan.

Fasaad is a return to confusion. The recent spike in violence will likely subside quickly.

A determined military with carte blanche and a country willing to look the other way as enemies are hunted down in whatever way usually produces results.

It has in every instance before and there’s no real reason to doubt it won’t again. But much is muddled again.

Zarb-i-Azb ended with the risk inherent in the strategy — ie what would happen if eviction from North Waziristan resulted in sanctuary in Afghanistan? — exploding without us having begun work on the next phase.

Roughly, there are three categories of militants here: India-centric, Afghan-centric and anti-Pakistan.

On each, the boys and the civilians have their differences.

The boys want the anti-Pakistan lot eradicated, but the N-League doesn’t see it as their war beyond maybe some of the sectarian stuff.

The N-League wants the anti-India lot muzzled, but the boys won’t do it under duress.

And on the Afghan-centric bunch, the government wants a downturn in violence and blame heaped on Pakistan, but has struggled to articulate anything nearing a plan.

But now there’s a new operation and most of the bandwidth for state action and dialogue will be taken up by it.

This year, at least, is gone.

Next it’ll be 2018 and election mode and good luck to anyone, civilian or military, trying to find strategic security clarity in the middle of that.

Fasaad is a return to whack-a-mole — never a good place from which to steer strategic change.

Fear has a long memory. Militancy changed us, perhaps in a way that Pakistan is only just beginning to realise.

Look back to the terrors of 2009-2011 and this was a country dazed and battered. But because we had never seen anything like it before, it took an awesome wave of violence to plunge the country into chaos and fear.

This time, it took a lot less to send ripples of fear and uncertainty across the country.

The enemy will have seen that.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 26th, 2017

The gates of hell

The writer is a member of staff.

BUT why has it happened? They’re bellowing at Afghanistan, screaming blame and abuse.

But the louder they yell, the more insistent the question: how have they managed to get it so wrong?

Let’s talk about the boys a bit.

The wave, this fresh orgy of violence, is rooted in Afghanistan. There’s no real reason to doubt that.

The chaps claiming responsibility haven’t hid their general location and the boys, for all the dabbling in manipulation, tend to build their decisive tales around a kernel of truth.

But parse the story a bit.

There’s essentially two parts to it: the chaps behind the attacks are Afghan-based and they’re supported and facilitated by the Afghan state.

The first part is troubling enough. Afghan-based or Pak-based, the sweep of the violence necessarily suggests a network revived.

Culminating — or has it? — with the wretchedness at the shrine, the rat-a-tat of the violence necessarily implies failure.

One, yes; two, OK; three, maybe; four, why? The almost military precision of the strikes makes it worse — we didn’t know a wave was coming and we were powerless to stop it.

It’s the second part of the story though where things get really ugly.

Afghan-based and Afghan-coordinated — how in the hell did we miss that?

A bunch of determined militants can probably perform the marriage between suicide vest and bomber without necessarily getting detected.

This mess we’re in now, this business of having a rival in Kabul instead of an ally — we helped make it happen.

But they apparently get foreign-state assistance and facilitation, and our state couldn’t figure out what was on its way towards us?

The louder the yelling, the harsher the bellowing, you can guess there’s something else going on too. In the long war, among the many casualties, the truth may be the only repeat victim.

We missed a wave whose provenance we knew — if the boys weren’t thundering, and so visibly, on the warpath, awkward, uncomfortable questions would bubble to the surface.

Why is this happening now?

Just recently we were strutting around, smug that we are part of a new power troika on Afghanistan — us, the Russians and the Chinese.

A troika of pragmatists, unlike the Americans and the Afghan government, with their woolly ideas of peace and governance.

A clever tale, but with shaky foundations. The Ghani opening had once been real and it was eventually spurned by us. This mess we’re in now, this business of having a rival in Kabul instead of an ally — we helped make it happen.

There’s no good reason why we did it, why we didn’t seize what could have been a historic opportunity. No reason other than our inability to shut the door on the past.

The smugness abroad was complemented by a bungling at home.

The last stretch of Raheel and co was mired in uncertainty and then spilled into turmoil.

What was only whispered then is now an open secret: Raheel thought he had several good years left and didn’t want to go home.

An extension was wanted, but it was wanted in a way that fit the self-crafted legend of the chief: a selfless decision prompted by the government’s entreaties.

But Nawaz delayed and eventually demurred. The final weeks were chaotic.

From it emerged a new chief who had neither been groomed nor favoured by his predecessor. He has, though, benefited from a favour Raheel inadvertent­ly did him: a delay in an expected late-term shuffle.

Out have been swept many from the Raheel era and in has come a new cohort, with several getting unexpected posts and promotions.

All of this to say, did the boys mess up because they were distracted?

A late-term chief and his team heavily invested in politics transitioning to a newly installed chief with a team that didn’t expect to be there — there’s much that could go wrong.

Like missing a wave of violence that the boys ought to have seen coming.

Maybe the raging against Afghanistan is genuine. But its utility is definitely suspect and its potential impact deeply problematic.

On utility, flip the perspective around: you’re sitting in Kabul and seeing the Pakistan beast roar after being prodded.

Bloody good, you’re thinking, it worked. We should try more of the same.

But you — with the Afghan perspective — are doing the prodding to achieve something; to get Pakistan to put pressure on the Afghan Taliban.

On that Pakistan isn’t budging. It’s part of this fancy new troika that’s exploring alternative scenarios on Afghanistan.

So it’s an impasse — again. Except now at an elevated level of conflict: Afghanistan prods us, we prod Afghanistan.

And we’ve just shown them that we can miss, in the boys’ own telling, a state-sponsored wave.

On impact, the Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Afghanistan raging is threatening to fracture the fragile public consensus against the militants.

Once again, militants are mere pawns of perfidious neighbours instead of an autonomous evil that threatens the nation from within.

Once again, the real problem is not the militants and their malignant agenda, but the nefarious lot backing them.

The unthinking fracturing of public consensus is being wrought at a particularly dangerous moment.

The militants waging war on us are evolving to a uniquely dire point for the country’s fault lines.

Kill an unfathomable number of kids and you’ll unite Pakistanis. That was APS.

Kill a bunch of Sufis, Shias and Christians and you’re probing deep into the wounds and unmentioned schisms that lace this land.

Yelling Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Afghanistan deflects blame. But it may also help open the very gates to hell.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 19th, 2017

The gates of hell

The writer is a member of staff.

BUT why has it happened? They’re bellowing at Afghanistan, screaming blame and abuse.

But the louder they yell, the more insistent the question: how have they managed to get it so wrong?

Let’s talk about the boys a bit.

The wave, this fresh orgy of violence, is rooted in Afghanistan. There’s no real reason to doubt that.

The chaps claiming responsibility haven’t hid their general location and the boys, for all the dabbling in manipulation, tend to build their decisive tales around a kernel of truth.

But parse the story a bit.

There’s essentially two parts to it: the chaps behind the attacks are Afghan-based and they’re supported and facilitated by the Afghan state.

The first part is troubling enough. Afghan-based or Pak-based, the sweep of the violence necessarily suggests a network revived.

Culminating — or has it? — with the wretchedness at the shrine, the rat-a-tat of the violence necessarily implies failure.

One, yes; two, OK; three, maybe; four, why? The almost military precision of the strikes makes it worse — we didn’t know a wave was coming and we were powerless to stop it.

It’s the second part of the story though where things get really ugly.

Afghan-based and Afghan-coordinated — how in the hell did we miss that?

A bunch of determined militants can probably perform the marriage between suicide vest and bomber without necessarily getting detected.

This mess we’re in now, this business of having a rival in Kabul instead of an ally — we helped make it happen.

But they apparently get foreign-state assistance and facilitation, and our state couldn’t figure out what was on its way towards us?

The louder the yelling, the harsher the bellowing, you can guess there’s something else going on too. In the long war, among the many casualties, the truth may be the only repeat victim.

We missed a wave whose provenance we knew — if the boys weren’t thundering, and so visibly, on the warpath, awkward, uncomfortable questions would bubble to the surface.

Why is this happening now?

Just recently we were strutting around, smug that we are part of a new power troika on Afghanistan — us, the Russians and the Chinese.

A troika of pragmatists, unlike the Americans and the Afghan government, with their woolly ideas of peace and governance.

A clever tale, but with shaky foundations. The Ghani opening had once been real and it was eventually spurned by us. This mess we’re in now, this business of having a rival in Kabul instead of an ally — we helped make it happen.

There’s no good reason why we did it, why we didn’t seize what could have been a historic opportunity. No reason other than our inability to shut the door on the past.

The smugness abroad was complemented by a bungling at home.

The last stretch of Raheel and co was mired in uncertainty and then spilled into turmoil.

What was only whispered then is now an open secret: Raheel thought he had several good years left and didn’t want to go home.

An extension was wanted, but it was wanted in a way that fit the self-crafted legend of the chief: a selfless decision prompted by the government’s entreaties.

But Nawaz delayed and eventually demurred. The final weeks were chaotic.

From it emerged a new chief who had neither been groomed nor favoured by his predecessor. He has, though, benefited from a favour Raheel inadvertent­ly did him: a delay in an expected late-term shuffle.

Out have been swept many from the Raheel era and in has come a new cohort, with several getting unexpected posts and promotions.

All of this to say, did the boys mess up because they were distracted?

A late-term chief and his team heavily invested in politics transitioning to a newly installed chief with a team that didn’t expect to be there — there’s much that could go wrong.

Like missing a wave of violence that the boys ought to have seen coming.

Maybe the raging against Afghanistan is genuine. But its utility is definitely suspect and its potential impact deeply problematic.

On utility, flip the perspective around: you’re sitting in Kabul and seeing the Pakistan beast roar after being prodded.

Bloody good, you’re thinking, it worked. We should try more of the same.

But you — with the Afghan perspective — are doing the prodding to achieve something; to get Pakistan to put pressure on the Afghan Taliban.

On that Pakistan isn’t budging. It’s part of this fancy new troika that’s exploring alternative scenarios on Afghanistan.

So it’s an impasse — again. Except now at an elevated level of conflict: Afghanistan prods us, we prod Afghanistan.

And we’ve just shown them that we can miss, in the boys’ own telling, a state-sponsored wave.

On impact, the Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Afghanistan raging is threatening to fracture the fragile public consensus against the militants.

Once again, militants are mere pawns of perfidious neighbours instead of an autonomous evil that threatens the nation from within.

Once again, the real problem is not the militants and their malignant agenda, but the nefarious lot backing them.

The unthinking fracturing of public consensus is being wrought at a particularly dangerous moment.

The militants waging war on us are evolving to a uniquely dire point for the country’s fault lines.

Kill an unfathomable number of kids and you’ll unite Pakistanis. That was APS.

Kill a bunch of Sufis, Shias and Christians and you’re probing deep into the wounds and unmentioned schisms that lace this land.

Yelling Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Afghanistan deflects blame. But it may also help open the very gates to hell.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 19th, 2017

AfPak again

The writer is a member of staff.

THE Americans are at it again. Troop surge in Afghanistan, policy review on Pakistan, alternating between threatening and bribing us to ‘do more’.

It’s like it’s 2009 again.

The problem is that it’s not. It’s 2017 and the Americans may be about to screw it up for us — again, though perhaps in a new way.

Yet another round of American silliness can have a damaging effect on Pakistan.

The terms of the debate being framed in the US for Trump on Pakistan are nascent but familiar: through the Afghan looking glass and a blame-cum-incentives framework.

To fix Afghanistan, Pakistan must be fixed — and to fix Pakistan, the usual tools are to be deployed. But it hasn’t worked and won’t.

Possibly because the US doesn’t have the influence or leverage it needs, but more likely because the debate we see in public is supplemented by one out of view:

The public stuff may be all Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Afghanistan, but there’s counterterrorism cooperation, nuclear safety and security, and a link to China and India that shapes what can be done on Pakistan.

Or at least makes sure that the public talk of really turning the screws on Pakistan does not translate into actual action.

To really convince itself that fixing Pakistan is not the automatic and inevitable route to fixing Afghanistan, the US would have to really turn the screws on Pakistan.

But it can’t — won’t — really turn the screws on Pakistan because of the other, security-based aspects to the relationship and so the US will never reach the stage where it can disabuse itself of the belief that fixing Pakistan is the route to fixing Afghanistan.

A circularity in a region full of circles and maddening conundrums.

To the extent that the game be played out endlessly — US coaxing, cajoling and pretending it can change Pakistan; Pakistan playing coy; the two occasionally falling out and then sulkily sidling up to the other again — it doesn’t really matter.

Pak-US relations are about where they should be given all that separates them and the little that they have in common.

But yet another round of American silliness can have a damaging effect on Pakistan — because of what it could mean for Afghanistan and what happens inside Pakistan itself.

Let’s work through it.

The Trump AfPak review is doubly damning because it’s back to the future after years of White House disengagement.

Obama may ultimately have reversed himself on withdrawing all US troops from Afghanistan, but it was long obvious that he had no real interest in the area.

That drift allowed other outside powers to increase their interest in Afghanistan — some with the explicit support of the US (India), some with ambivalent American support (China) and some, arguably, by the US dropping the ball (Russia).

Here’s the thing, though: the Obama years happened.

By coming in and starting a military-led debate on Afghanistan that sounds so familiar, the Trump administration is confirming what most outside powers in Afghanistan already suspect: US policy in Afghanistan is somewhere on the spectrum between not-interested and stale.

That creates an incentives problem.

The only realistic peaceful solution in Afghanistan is a negotiated settlement between the Taliban and the Afghan government.

But the only outside power that is fundamentally committed to the post-Bonn Afghan state structure and power centres is the US.

That’s why the Taliban have always insisted on primarily negotiating with the Americans.

But if all the US is going to do is to ensure a tenuous survival of the Afghan government, tamp down the Taliban insurgency when it threatens to get out of control, and give no more than lukewarm support to a peace process — there will be no real peace process.

Which means all this silliness of putting pressure on Pakistan to do more on Afghanistan will come to naught — why would Pakistan expose itself to a decline in influence in Afghanistan in support of an American policy that the Americans themselves don’t really believe in?

Worse, the Trump review is coinciding with a second successive fresh-look perspective in the military leadership here.

Raheel tried and failed to change our Afghan policy. In his early days, Bajwa could attempt the same: a policy review, if not a reversal. It makes sense to change some things on Afghanistan.

But there are far too many hawks on Afghanistan here to navigate a policy review while also coming under pressure from the US to fit its stale and unworkable agenda.

More of the same by a US administration towards Pakistan will only increase the odds of more of the same from Pakistan on Afghanistan.

There’s more. The Afghan debate is one half of the overall militancy debate here.

Let’s assume Bajwa is inclined towards an overall policy rethink — towards a militancy-free Pakistan, in all shapes and manifestations.

But then in strides the American behemoth once again, knocking heads around, demanding actions, threatening and intimidating — all because it wants its (muddled) way in Afghanistan.

That could have a chilling effect on the overall anti-militancy debate that Bajwa may want. When the Americans are breathing down your neck, you have both reason and excuse to delay deeper readjustments.

Just get them off your back and make sure you don’t get too banged up.

In faraway DC and nearby Kabul, the temptation to knock Pakistan around for perceived misbehaviour is mostly irresistible.

But indulging that temptation just as Pakistan may be growing confident enough to have an overall policy debate on militancy may be a classic American mistake.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 12th, 2017

A secretive conversation

The writer is a member of staff.

THE first, tentative steps towards the final frontier — dismantling the infrastructure of jihad in toto — or an all-too-familiar false start?

The detention of Hafiz Saeed and co could be either.

But it is also something else: a signal that the long, state-led conversation of what to do with the good jihadis has begun.

Cloaked in secrecy, debated by vested interests and held, potentially, on terms of compromise rather than a bold reimagining of the Pakistani project, it could go horribly wrong.

To understand why, we have to start with the war against the bad jihadis. Terrible as they were and long as the fight against them will be, the bad jihadis got it wrong on three counts: utility, survivability and strategy.

The strategy was flawed because with a relatively small militant footprint the bad jihadis tried to overthrow the state. And while the state’s response was muddled for years, the state had disproportionately larger resources in what was a prematurely imposed fight for survival.

From there, with their small militant footprint and no real hook in society — no mosque-madressah-social welfare network to sustain ideology and attract recruits — the mass, muscular survivability of the bad jihadis was a low probability outcome.

And then there was the lack of utility — repurpose and redirect the bad jihadis to where?

Afghanistan was the only possibility and it may have made some sense — the bad jihadis were predominantly Pakhtun, while the Punjabi among them were familiar with the Afghan jihad.

The conversation about what to do with the good jihadis isn’t going to be held by the average Pakistani.

But the problem was obvious: the Afghan Taliban already existed and were doing a fine enough job on their own, while the large-scale foreign — US/Western — presence made the deliberate redirection to Afghanistan a non-starter. Even chronic risk-takers here are not suicidal.

Bad strategy, low survivability and no utility made the bad jihadis the obvious candidates for an early demise — or at least a vast diminishment of their numbers.

The worrying thing is that none of that applies to the good jihadis. And institutional memory — both civilian and uniformed — may favour the worst-case outcome in the great conversation that has been opened: what to do with the good jihadis: merge them back into society or dissolve them altogether?

Given the narrow, state-led confines in which the conversation will take place, the institutional — state — view is fundamental.

And from inside the state, a seemingly coherent story can be constructed.

To the Kashmir-centric, anti-India jihadi lot, a debt of gratitude is owed: theirs is the unfinished business of Partition, a noble cause for which they have fought bravely.

A debt like that cannot simply be wiped away.

With the Kashmir-centric, anti-India lot, a continuing reality cannot be ignored: they have not attacked us; they come to heel when ordered; and they remain the one thing that drives India crazy.

A reality like that can’t easily be ignored.

And with the Kashmir-centric, anti-India lot, flexible strategy has ensured survivability, even if their utility may have eroded.

The strategy has adapted: from the large-scale, full-fledged mobilisation of the ’90s to a drip-drip interspersed by the occasional spectacular attack.

The changed strategy has been complemented by a masterful approach to survival: build a vast mosque-madressah-social welfare network that supplies recruits, yes, but also puts hooks deep into society. So even if someone wants to rip those hooks out, they will have to tear open flesh and the social fabric itself.

And while the good jihadis’ utility may be vastly diminished — hence the opening of the conversation in the first place — the debt of the past and reality of the present are significant.

Stack those up — strategy, survivability and (past) utility of the good jihadis — against the conversation that has now been opened, what to do about the good jihadis?

There are, once the nascent conversation turns to strategic choices, only two realistic options.

Either dissolve the groups — dismantle their infrastructure, dislodge their leaderships, and disarm and disband their cadres — or merge them with society — the mythical mainstreaming, whereby the groups retool and repurpose themselves to serve society, through politics and social welfare.

If you are the average citizen — or at least the average citizen who believes in a certain kind of Pakistan — the costs and benefits are easy enough to calculate.

Dissolution — the end of the existence of the groups in any and all forms — will impose a high cost upfront, but will put Pakistan back on track to becoming the country it is supposed to be.

But the conversation about what to do with the good jihadis isn’t going to be held by the average Pakistani, it will be held by the state. And the state’s calculus is necessarily different:

It has been served loyally in the past by the good jihadis; the security apparatus is battle hardened, but the state war weary; and merger is a helluva lot simpler to effect than dissolution.

But therein lies the problem: dissolution versus merger is not a choice that can be revisited easily, if at all.

Look how difficult it has been to even begin the conversation: more than two decades since the savagery and regional instability of the mid-’90s; more than a decade and a half since 9/11; and nearly a decade since Mumbai.

Choose mainstreaming today and dissolution may never be an option again. And eventually survival, post-mainstreaming, of the good jihadis could become a threat to the survival of the state that the bad jihadis could never become.

The more secretive, the more state-led the conversation, the greater the potential threat to all of us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 5th, 2017

Shabbiness all round

The writer is a member of staff.

FOUR episodes, four very different reactions. The boys got whacked over land grabs and generals’ privileges, and immediately pushed back.

The state stands accused of a fresh spate of disappearances, and its proxies have opened a new, disturbing line of attack.

The highest court in the land has been dragged into controversy and politicisation, and has pleaded for restraint.

The pols embarrassed themselves in parliament, shone a poor light on the democratic project — and have shrugged it all off.

The difference between the shameless, helpless, determined and righteous, in reverse order? More like a map of the power structure, jealous protection of privilege and a disturbing revelation of priorities.

Start with the boys. With the Raheel leaks, it is obvious what’s going on: scores are being settled.

Bullied and battered for much of his three years, the civilians watched glumly and enviously as Raheel marched to glory.

The court clearly wants the circus outside to end. But it’s trapped in a situation partly of its own making.

Unable to lash out while he was in power and too afraid to do anything on his way out, the civilians have done what the weak and resentful do: chuck a few stones from a safe distance:

It has helped that Raheel seemed not a little greedy and that his successors are thinking about building their own legacies. Towering shadows aren’t particularly liked by those next in line.

But then came this land business and the reaction was swift. Where Raheel was left to twist in the wind over the Saudi sinecure, the lurid tales of land grabs were quickly stamped out.

You can guess why — the job was about an individual, land about the institution.

Let the extravagant allotment of land to generals become a scandal with legs and future beneficiaries could be hurt.

So the outrage complex — also contrived and nak­e­­dly political — has been quickly shut down. And how.

Next, the state. The disappearances themselves were not unusual — the net has been widening for a while and unreported, hushed-up incidents tend to lead to more.

(The disappeared who return become the silenced.)

Nor was the reason for at least one of the recently disappeared a surprise: dabbling in Baloch causes gets you bundled off eventually.

But the others were a mystery that has given way to an alarming possibility: a new cross section of state repression.

To the extent that the rest of the recently disappeared were unbridled in their ideological and political attacks against the military, the disappearances made a kind of sense:

Perhaps the degree of repression was being stepped up, but it wasn’t exactly of a new category altogether.

The orchestrated attacks on the motives of the recently disappeared though changed all of that. In attacking the disappeared as anti-religion, a signal has been sent that ideological and religious frontiers of the state will be patrolled once again by the state itself.

Where militant and mullah have patrolled religious boundaries in recent times, is the state now getting back in that game too? It is a frightening thought.

On to the highest court of land. The longer the Panama hearings continue, the more the court’s appeals for calm are piling up.

Seemingly every week a fresh direction is issued — and it’s not clear if it’s an order, a plaintive appeal or the vain hope of the emasculated.

The court clearly wants the circus outside to end. But it’s trapped in a situation partly of its own making.

The last two CJPs waded into matters of politics with no clear plan or exit strategy. Each seemed to have legacy on his mind, but only added to the muddle.

Mulk cleared the cloud over the legitimacy of the 2013 elections, but he missed the point. The PTI’s goal was to knock out the PML-N government; the claims of rigging were only the means.

So the court gained nothing lasting from that intervention, especially once Mulk declined to make electoral reforms the commission’s legacy.

Jamali was even more muddled and had no plan beyond basking in the glory of defusing a political crisis by pre-empting the PTI Islamabad lockdown.

Inheriting that legacy, the current court has tried to play it fair and down the middle — but the genie has already escaped.

The PTI’s slashing politics and the N-League’s PTI obsession can only be reined in by a court willing to bring the hammer down, but the current lot are too scrupulously judicial to overreach.

The circus will go on.

Finally, the civilians. The pandemonium in the assembly will quickly be forgotten. But it was yet another glimpse into the N-League’s unwillingness to become a truly responsible custodian of the democratic project.

Forget the PTI. They are the insurgents and the parliamentary record of the party is thin. None, other than Imran, were around for the ’90s.

Much shouldn’t be expected from them.

But the N-League is different. Or rather it remains the same.

Every time the party finds itself in the ascendant politically, it kicks the democratic process down the ladder of legitimacy a rung or two.

A second Qatari letter, a new military leadership with zero thoughts of a takeover on its mind, an electoral map opening up for 2018 and beyond — and immediately the N-League turns to misbehaving.

The PML-N has figured out that democratic continuity is key, but the party refuses to move beyond a barebones version of continuity.

They’ll keep being shabby.

And so democracy here will remain a little shabby too.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn January 29th, 2017

Status quo

The writer is a member of staff.

BUT is it moving the needle? This business of daily hearings has got the PTI in a frenzy.

Every day, a new revelation. Or to hear the PTI tell it, every day a smoking gun.

But the PML-N refuses to become a corpse.

####Politically, Nawaz didn’t need to prove he is clean; Nawaz just had to prove that he isn’t Asif Zardari-level dirty.

If anything, the party seems to be hitting its stride again. Nawaz confidently gabbing away with foreign leaders. The N-League’s media team aggressively swatting away the PTI’s attacks. And everywhere, a party laying down a — winning — story for 2018.

It’s like they’re inhabiting different worlds. What the heck is going?

Part of it is regular politics. Parties create realities to suit their politics. And in Pakistan’s case, there are two Pakistans:

The newer, more urban one that votes on issues — stuff like corruption and governance — and the old­er, traditional one that votes based on what the local MP, and the state on top of him, can do for the voter.

It makes sense for the PTI to be energised.

The court hearings are helping it protect its base. Both because of the information trickling out and the daily platform the PTI has, the PTI is probably recovering the ground it lost with the abortive Islamabad lockdown.

Back then, an unease was palpable within the PTI’s ranks. While everyone in the party is happy with an anti-status quo, anti-corruption platform, some are squeamish about guerrilla politics.

You can see why: anti-corruption and anti-status quo is about improving the system; street power harkens to a darker past and implies becoming as ugly as the ugliness you’re fighting.

The very backdrop of the Supreme Court, though, implies a righteous fight. Win or lose, the PTI is fighting the right way and on the right issue — corruption. That’s something everyone in the PTI voter coalition can get behind.

For the party itself, it’s a win-win. Win in court and Nawaz is knocked out. Lose in court and you’ve al­­rea­dy forced a string of damaging admissions by the Sharifs. Plus, lose in court and you can blame a rig­ged system fighting to protect the status quo. Not too shabby a year and a change ahead of an election.

But you can sense that the PML-N has also figured out that the PTI is trapping itself inside its own politics once again.

And that the needle may not be moving all that much from 2013. That in recovering lost ground, the PTI is corralling itself once again in a second-best voter coalition.

See what the N-League has succeeded in doing so far. It has suffered cuts and lacerations in the court, sure, but it has also contained the damage.

In effect, by arguing a narrow, legalistic defence, the N-League has muddied the simplicity of the PTI allegation.

Nawaz is corrupt; the kids are corrupt; the whole Sharif empire reeks of corruption is simple and intuitive politics. They probably are.

But the law has a way of making the simple and the intuitive complicated. And a court, the supreme one no less, is very different to a commission: a court can’t allow too much of a drift from narrow, legal arguments.

Politically, the N-League has lost the PTI core with its court performance. The awkward, contorted defence has solidified the PTI belief that the Sharifs are financially dodgy.

But look at what the N-League has achieved. It has given its own base — the PML-N base — the tools to mount a political defence.

Our leader went to the highest court in the land, he faced all his accusers, he faced unprecedented scrutiny — and nothing was proven.

Even a slap on the wrist from the court won’t matter from here — politically, Nawaz didn’t need to prove he is clean; Nawaz just had to prove that he isn’t Asif Zardari-level dirty.

With that done — with a sense that while he may not be one hundred per cent in compliance with the law, the Sharif empire is not fundamentally dirty — the N-League has been freed from being on the defensive at the next election.

Barring a stunning return to Chaudhry-esque activism, the court’s ruling will be quickly forgotten. What will be remembered is that Nawaz went to court and emerged with his job intact.

(Quick, why exactly was Yousuf Raza Gilani ejected? Can’t remember? That’s what history does to judgements.)

And that brings us to the real win.

Politically, the PTI core bounding back to the PTI is not terribly damaging to the N-League — no reasonable electoral strategy can be based on wresting that core away from the PTI.

The N-League shoring up its base is not a tremendous win either — better to have an easy time with your base, but elections are rough business and they’re always a slog.

The real win is the PTI trapping itself in a single-point agenda once again — anti-corruption.

It’s not enough. It wasn’t enough in 2013 and it won’t be enough in 2018. The swing voter needs something more.

And with all of its talk of delivering on electricity and building infrastructure, and striving for continuity and stability, the N-League has that something more that the PTI doesn’t.

It has that something more for both the old voter bloc (electricity, infrastructure) and the new voter bloc (stability and continuity bring results; and look, Nawaz offered himself up for more scrutiny than anyone else in the country’s history!)

The more PTI screams corruption and only corruption and the less it’s proven in the highest forum, the more the party will struggle to win swing voters in 2018.

You’d rather be Nawaz than Imran right now — again. The needle doesn’t seem to be moving much.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 22nd, 2017

The revenge of the state

The writer is a member of staff.

A BUNCH of years ago, the problem was a declining state. Across swathes of social, economic and security interventions, the state was in retreat.

Pakistan itself seemed in terminal decline.

But then an outbreak of stability happened. And through a combination of luck and determination, the state made a comeback.

What is troubling is how poorly positioned society is — and, worse, will be going forward — to resist the state.

And now we’re seeing a second unexpected outcome: the revenge of the state. A revenge rooted in a state that has grown in confidence at its successes and whose successes have given it the tools to impose its will.

Rewind to about a decade ago.

Pakistan seemed to have run out of luck. An economic downturn coincided with an implosion of the security landscape. Politically, yet another failed dictatorship was being replaced by an untested civilian leadership and it was hard to know which was worse.

Twenty-oh-eight through 2011, Pakistan suffered some of it worst years ever. On top of a declining state were layered economic and security woes that seemed terminal.

Pakistan itself felt like it was unravelling.

It wasn’t actually and a few sensible interventions helped steady the economic and security landscapes. Between 2014 and 2016, Pakistan was salvaged and put back in some shape.

But the great rescue has come at a cost: after doing what was necessary, the state is now increasingly imposing its unwelcome and alarming will and priorities on all of us.

With the latest abductions and this overall CPEC business, the new Pakistan taking shape is coming into view — and it ain’t pretty.

Start with the economic picture because it’s a little stranger and a bit harder to pin down. In rough terms, poor economic choices and bad policies between 2004 and 2013 drove the country into deep macroeconomic destabilisation.

It was always a stretch that the arrival of the N-League would transform the economy — the PML-N only ever appeared better at economic management relative to the other political options. It’s actual record in the 1990s was not too dissimilar to the other governments of the time.

But the arrival of the PML-N in 2013 did create an expectation that business, the private sector, would get a boost. Maybe a crony capitalism-type of approach, but nevertheless one that looked at the private sector as the engine of growth and where the heroes would be businessmen, big and small.

The opposite though seems to have happened. Having established a sort-of macroeconomic stability, the N-League has embarked on a radical economic realignment: championing a state-led capitalism of sorts at the expense of the private sector.

The small businesses and traders, the big industrialists and exporters, farmers and traditional sectors, all seem to have been cast aside as the government itself has lodged itself deeper and deeper into the economy.

Think of every last big economic project inaugurated over the past three and a half years — everywhere and always it is the government that is the star, facilitator or creator.

Worshipping at the altar of CPEC and dragging Pakistan to medium-term growth via vast infrastructure spending is changing the profile of the economy itself.

A new profile where the government is the economic star, not the private sector. Coming as it has after years of economic hurt, the alarm has been mitigated by the feel-good effects of a calm economic spell.

But state-led capitalism in a state with no real political accountability and weak regulation can be a recipe for gross abuse. The revenge of the state may end up inflicting a deep economic cost on all of us.

The security dimension is easier to see — and even harder to push back against.

The state always had an advantage in the inevitable fight against militancy: malign state policies over the decades may have created the problem, but the problem, especially once it grew wildly out of control, could only be combated by the state.

So whenever the state got its act together, the state — and the security apparatus within it — would necessarily emerge as the most powerful internal player once again.

But a powerful player with a new internal dynamic: the special rules needed to fight militancy have created special powers and special privileges that the security apparatus is now being tempted to apply elsewhere, in other domains, for different reasons.

Like extending the lexicon of missing persons to online rights activists.

In disappearing the activists, a straightforward message has been sent: whatever they were doing, others should not think of emulating.

That someone in the state apparatus thought to and acted on disappearing the activists isn’t really surprising — only a fool would think that such elements don’t exist in the crevices of the state, or indeed in several well-appointed offices.

What is troubling is how poorly positioned society is — and, worse, will be going forward — to resist the state.

Because what the country is facing, and of necessity must accept, is a great ramping up of counterterrorism operations in the provinces.

And that ramping up — to tamp down the surviving extremism and militancy threat — will greatly enhance the power, profile and willingness to act with impunity of the security apparatus.

Because the fight against militancy will be long and murky and because the fight must be fought by the state, the state is looking at a long stretch of impunity — or impunity cloaked in legality. (See, military courts and special detention powers.)

We needed a strong, intrusive, muscular state to fight militancy, but as the state has grown stronger and more intrusive and muscular, we the people have grown more vulnerable to a state selecting its own — potentially malign — priorities and targets.

The revenge of the state may just be beginning.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 15th, 2017

The foreign problem

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, knock us over with a feather and tickle us all over — Raheel is going to do what? And for whom?

And why, exactly?

Once the appointment fandango dies down and the hysterical conspiracy theories dissipate, we’ll probably be left with a whole bunch of ordinary.

An ordinary decision for ordinary reasons by an ordinary man, who until recently was cheered by many as extraordinary.

But we may all end up saying thank you one last time to the chief because he may have done us a favour.

Pakistan has a foreign problem.

Sheikhs and potentates will have offers aplenty for the Sharif business empire.

It’s been creeping up on us for a while, but Nawaz and Raheel have now helped make it public.

It’s not about personal relations with foreign governments — those are as old as the republic. And it’s not about enriching yourself through a shady deal or two — those are older than the republic.

But between Nawaz’s Qatari prince and now Raheel’s Saudi benefactor, we’re seeing something that we shouldn’t:

Doing business here — where state and individual are distinct, or at least should be — along lines that the Arabs do business there, where the line between state and individuals is deliberately blurred or non-existent.

Rewind to last March. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was in Pakistan and, after the Iran-US nuclear deal and lifting of some Western sanctions, there was hope that maybe Pakistan too would seek an opening.

There was even wild, woolly talk of finally getting the Iran-Pakistan pipeline moving.

But then something spectacular happened. The ISPR put out a couple of sentences effectively claiming that Raheel had rebuked Rouhani for allowing India to use Iranian territory to destabilise Balochistan.

Instantly, the air was sucked out of the trip. Rouhani didn’t even wait to get back to Tehran to react, rejecting the ISPR claim while still in Islamabad.

It was hard to see the point to Raheel’s undiplomatic diplomacy back then and the best anyone has been able to come up with since is that it was an example of why diplomacy should be left to the diplomats.

Until this week, that is. There’s zero reason to believe Raheel was motivated by anything other than the profound need to urgently share with the Iranian president his concern over Indian meddling in the region.

But that matters a little less now because there’s the obvious conspiracy theory: Raheel’s diplomatic faux pas — a mistake compounded by having the ISPR make it public — was designed to push the Iranians away to please the Saudis.

It matters not how utterly untrue that may be. What matters now is that a perception has been created — and by Raheel himself in choosing to take a job so soon and so directly for a foreign power.

Likely, the Raheel move won’t further complicate ties with Iran — we have kept Iran at an arm’s length anyway and Iran hasn’t exactly been convinced that a great breakthrough is imminent.

But why are we even in this place to begin with?

Turn to Nawaz. It’s not his fault that he was sent into exile and forced to spread the family business empire abroad.

But it’s not our fault — you and me, the ordinary Pakistanis — that he chose to get into business with seemingly every damn royal family he and his family have ever had the luck of being in touch with.

Plus, exile was more than 15 years ago and Nawaz’s return to Pakistan is almost a decade old. In today’s world, in today’s Pakistan, Nawaz is eying a decade-long continuous stretch in power. Fifteen in Punjab.

The game has changed and the rules must too.

Nawaz, prime minister or not, will always be an honoured guest in several Arab states. Sheikhs and potentates will have offers aplenty for the Sharif business empire.

What they, the foreigners, do, they will do; what we, Pakistanis, can accept is for us to decide.

Rewind to April 2015. Pakistan said no to sending troops to Yemen and a potentially tragic foreign quagmire was avoided.

But why was it such a close matter to begin with? Because Nawaz was in power and because the Saudis had given him a home in exile?

Or because Nawaz was in power and Nawaz had been given a billion and a half dollars no questions asked a year earlier to shore up his government/the economy?

Seemingly every year now brings a fresh case of conflict of interest between a Pakistani high official and an Arab state.

Slowing that down is possible. In the Raheel variation, the counter measure would be relatively straightforward: a ban on serving a foreign power for at least two years after leaving office, and preferably longer.

If after that, employment is still sought, the need for governmental and perhaps even parliamentary approval can be mandated.

In the Nawaz variation, the counter measure would be significantly more complicated — but political pressure is a wonderful thing.

Maybe it’s impossible to create a water-tight rule — presumably Arab rulers and determined family empire-builders know how to run circles around any law — but the existence of a rule would create its own jeopardy.

No more business with foreign rulers — and off with your (political) head if you’re caught in this age of leaks.

If change does happen, we should thank Nawaz and Raheel — it usually takes an exploitative sort to compel change.

And if change doesn’t come, Nawaz and Raheel should thank us — for letting them get away with it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 8th, 2017

Seven for seventeen

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S set up to be the year of Nawaz. Enemies vanquished, rivals sidelined; a clear path to 2018 and beyond.

What could go wrong?

Plenty. And in this age of consensus, let’s spin a different tale. In ascending order, seven things that could go wrong for Nawaz in ’17.

First, oil prices. The consumption boom in Pakistan has been soaked in low fuel costs. If costs start to go up, the electoral strategy may be in trouble.

With electricity, who wants it if you can’t afford it?

Then there’s the slyness of pretending electricity is fixed by diverting it to urban and high-billing areas.

The more you stress normalisation in an environment where no one else wants it, the more out of touch you seem.

It may work with the media, mostly urban-based and urbanish-focused, but it may not work with votes — if at best all you can do is manage the decade-old power outages, maybe someone else should get a shot?

Twenty-thirteen was a referendum on electricity, few dispute that. But there’s a double problem in 2018: what if you don’t fix electricity; and what if you fix it, but can’t control the costs?

Second, corruption. Oh, they deny it all right. But the enemies are shrieking.

And the stories are mounting.

And the vulnerabilities are increasing. Where the PPP was smash-and-grab, the N-League is savvy and discreet.

But eight years in Punjab and three at the centre start accumulating. The schemes are fanciful, some heard of, mostly not — until someone blows the lid off.

The big power plants they’re building — ever wonder who owns the land they’re built on and the rates they get? Everyone’s heard of the bus lanes and road construction, but ask yourself this: when was the last time you heard of the N-League touting 3- and 4G? Every other last damn thing they flog, even if it isn’t theirs to brag about.

But fast data connections on mobile phones in an era where the future daughter-PM leverages every possible social media advantage? Never heard of it. Why?

Corruption has a funny way of striking where few anticipate. Pakistan is ripe for an epic scandal.

Third, Punjab. We know the problem, but what’s the solution? The boys want to go in to clean up the sectarian mess and the anti-Pakistan stuff.

But Nawaz can’t let them. And that’s the problem no one has a solution to.

The N-League can’t let go of the police in the year before an election. And they can’t have troops stomping around Punjab doing counterterrorism stuff.

So, what the hell happens?

In truth, no one knows. In truth, few would bet against the boys prevailing.

All of that translates into potentially big trouble.

Fourth, Panama. It isn’t going away. And while it doesn’t touch Nawaz directly, the heiress is tainted by it. But there’s another problem now.

With a new CJ taking over, one with a reasonably long term ahead, the court has to say something.

Maybe nothing the court sees and hears permits it to strike directly at Nawaz or Maryam. But only a reckless lot would let the Sharifs off without even a hint of censure.

The case is now too toxic, and the facts malleable enough to allow for some denunciation.

You can bet the N-League won’t handle it gracefully.

Fifth, India. We know what Nawaz wants: a normalisation process. We know what India wants: anti-India militancy addressed. What we don’t know: how to square the difference.

Eventually, something has to give. In Pakistan, in 2016, the anti-India lot tasted blood. By itself, that’s manageable. But then another thing happened: public opinion shifted.

The rise of anti-India sentiment here frees up space for action there. Where once a public, mainstream, political consensus was for normalisation, now there is widespread second-guessing about India’s true intentions.

The bar has been lowered and more funny business has become possible.

On the other side, there’s the lunacy of an adequate response. If something happens, proven or not, retaliation is necessary. India may do something stupid.

The problem here is less that the boys won’t respond than Nawaz not having a clue. We get it, normalisation is important.

But the more you stress normalisation in an environment where no one else wants it, the more out of touch you seem.

Clueless dolt isn’t a good place for a PM to be.

Sixth, militancy. The flip side of the boys’ need to act in Punjab is the bad guys’ ability to survive and thrive. Eventually, survival and thrival turns to action. APS was two years ago, Lahore and Quetta saw big ones last year. The time may be up for Karachi or Islamabad or somewhere else catastrophic.

Terrible as it may be, for Nawaz Punjab is all that matters politically. If Lahore, Pindi or some of the smaller cities are hit and hit in a devastating way, Nawaz may have questions to answer.

Seven, civ-mil. It is the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. And it rests on a difference in worldviews.

Nawaz wants back in the national security and foreign policy game because his is a vision of trade and regional integration.

The boys, well, they have a vision too: stay strong, stay militarised and do whatever it takes to defeat regional threats.

But if predicting civ-mil strife is the daal-chawal of politics here, there may be a twist this year: if Bajwa and Mukhtar align themselves with the Nawaz worldview, an almighty internal struggle could erupt.

Less civ v mil and more mil on mil? Happy New Year.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn January 1st, 2017

Report card time

The writer is a member of staff.

A YEAR of three halves, dominated by three men; it’s report card time again. And a middling year it was for all three.

Let’s begin with the chap who has left us: Raheel. The year started out great. He announced he’d go home on time and cleared the decks for a memorable final stretch.

But it never came.

Somehow, Raheel the Great became decidedly less so. And only going home as promised without too much public resistance saved it from being a truly terrible year.

Take a look at the three key interventions — and one that never came. On India, the non-action over Pathankot set the tone early and things unravelled quickly from there.

By the end, Raheel was sounding like an uber-hawk, railing against India in every forum and at every occasion. Balochistan, never near recovering, was sunk again on the India allegations.

Even where space unexpectedly opened, after the Wani killing, the shabby response exposed Pakistan more than it did India.

The talk of isolation that grew as the year wore on has many roots, but the catalyst was forcing the civilians to dredge up the Kashmir dispute in world capitals.

Civilian incompetence played a role, but the misjudging of the international mood was fatal — forget about Kashmir, tell us what you’re doing about militancy back home, the world basically told our emissaries.

It’s been a rough year and much of it self-inflicted — but Nawaz’s enemies failed to capitalise and so he’s ending it on a high.

On Afghanistan, the Mansour droning put an end to any chance of stabilising the bilateral relationship. If there was an area where Raheel had once seemed to want genuine change, it was Afghanistan.

But Raheel lost the argument with his generals and the policy didn’t change — leaving Pakistan on an angry east-west axis between India and Afghanistan.

Third was the trickiest beast of them all — civ-mil. Rare is the chief who has left amidst a self-created acrimony as Raheel did. The final weeks were a disaster.

But look back to earlier in the year and the Panama intervention. Then, with Nawaz struggling to deal with the Panama fallout, Raheel tightened the screws with the bolt-from-the-blue corruption-related army dismissals.

Was Raheel signalling the civilians had to clean up their act or else? But that’s the problem with ‘or else’: or else what? Raheel didn’t have an answer and nothing changed.

Fourth was the business he never got round to: cleaning up Punjab. Attempts were made after the Easter bombing, but the crumbling relationship between Raheel and Nawaz and the N-League’s violent opposition to opening up Punjab to the boys meant it went nowhere.

Grade: C.

On to the other half of the equation: Nawaz. It’s been a rough year and much of it self-inflicted — but his enemies failed to capitalise and so he’s ending it on a high.

The Year of Panama has hurt Nawaz and the Sharif brand. In this third term, he had tried to build the image of an elder statesman, of a leader above politics.

But the Panama Papers and the London flats have blown that apart. At every fumbling, embarrassing step of the way since Panama happened in April we’ve learned new things about Nawaz and his family.

Who they do business with, where all they do business — the tawdry sweep and evident impropriety of a business empire entwined with political relations and statecraft.

Combine that with eight consecutive years of rule in Punjab and Nawaz should have been vulnerable to defeat in 2018. But he isn’t yet — and for that you have to thank the rivals.

Raheel tried to press, but was ineffectual (see above). Imran did press, but was, well, Imran (see below). Between the two of them, Nawaz wriggled to triumph, ending the year in his strongest position since 2013.

November was the obvious turning point. Less is what turned it: Imran threatening, and then failing, to deliver.

The Isloo lockdown was a terrible idea, but it turned gold when Nawaz overreacted and the N-League went into full repression mode.

From there, even if Imran failed to dislodge the government, the display of authoritarianism by the N-League would have gained the PTI some sympathy at the very least.

But a divided PTI folded and an emboldened Nawaz turned his attention to the military transition. It looks good now, but didn’t for much of the year.

Grade: B.

And so — Imran. Good year or bad or just another lost opportunity? Maybe all three.

It was in many ways vintage Imran. Handed a gift from the gods — Panama — he tried to run with it, stumbled, ran around in circles and pretty much ends the year where he began.

At the heart of the Imran phenomenon is a bit of a mystery: he is relentless until he isn’t. He suddenly switches off for a while before, just as mysteriously, roaring back to life again.

By the summer it looked like the Panama opportunity was gone. Imran and the PTI were mired in meaningless negotiations with the N-League over ToRs and inquiry commissions, and the government was getting its swagger back.

But then Imran revived himself and, improbably, breathed life back into the fading Panama issue. Once again the national conversation became about the Sharifs’ great wealth and foreign possessions.

Momentum was with the PTI again — until Imran pulled an Imran yet again. The shambolic PTI on display since the Supreme Court intervention has turned attention away from Panama and back on the PTI and its many reversals and hype-without-substance politics.

It’s been a rough final stretch, but here’s the thing: the PTI is closing the year where it began, as the only realistic alternative to the PML-N, while Imran is still an obsession of Nawaz and co.

Not too shabby for a distant No 2.

Grade: B.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 25th, 2016

Scandal

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, this is fun. And like most things fun, the well-meaning sort will tell us not to enjoy it, to be worried about the consequences, to think of systems.

But let’s hear it for scandal.

This sudden, unexpected, most delicious season of scandal — scandal that has broken on us and over us in wave after surprising wave.

It’s hard to keep track. Supreme Court tearing into government. Politicians tearing into the Supreme Court.

The new chief sullied before he can settle in; a DGI tainted by association, attacked before he’s spent a day in Aabpara.

The old chief’s allies fretting about a purge; the new chief’s fans toasting the purge. And, amidst the new cacophony, the oldest game of all: politicians eviscerating politicians.

Who knew an outbreak of stability could look like this.

Let’s start from the beginning. Nawaz has made it past a triple threat: the Isloo lockdown; a delicate transition; and a trip to the court.

He wasn’t going to coast — nothing attracts instability like the perception of stability here — but the grenades in his path were fewer.

At least two of his problems were tied to the calendar: the exit of the two chiefs. By their nature — and the nature of the chiefs — exits are a tricky thing.

The new tradition — if scandal, chutzpah and derring-do can sustain it — smashes the old tradition.

Because either legacy or continuity are on their minds and that usually spells trouble for whoever is in the civilian passenger seat.

The third of Nawaz’s problems — Imran — wasn’t time-bound, but Imran is both instigator and chief beneficiary of many of Nawaz’s problems, so Imran is always a problem.

Triple threat defused, 2016 navigated, onwards to pre-election 2017 — all systems go.

But then the system seemed to crash in on itself, shrapnel flying at principals, damage being inflicted on collateral.

Before we could marvel at stable Pakistan, Pakistan reverted to type and left us gasping and gaping again.

The scandals are so many as to defy classification. A whispering campaign from within the boys against a new chief? Unheard of. A slashing, public campaign against a new DG ISI? Ditto.

A Supreme Court justice methodically deconstructing a massacre and fearlessly apportioning blame — perhaps in the older tradition of the court, but certainly not of recent times.

And the Supreme Court itself attacked by politicians and the media — again, not something from this century and surely unheard of since the heady days of Iftikhar Chaudhry and his iron gavel.

It’s so target-rich that a bunch of pols creating a ruckus in parliament has been almost a quaint side affair — by the by, did you hear what the PTI and PML-N have done now?

But let’s hear it for scandal — because it may be what we need. For at least two reasons.

First, scandal is a signal of openness. Of systems open to wild, woolly and rabid attacks, yes, but also of systems open to the democratisation of critique, criticism and attack.

Compare the new with the old. Going after the outgoing chap or the newly exited is easy enough — and even something of a tradition here.

Once Raheel was gone for sure and the ISPR was to have a new DG, the punches didn’t need to be pulled anymore. Ditto for a chief justice, given the — very real — fear of contempt.

Reach further back and the rules even more bendable, the attacks freewheeling. Think of what can be said about Musharraf today. And if ruling exposed him to more, think of what can be said about Aslam Beg or Asad Durrani.

No one, not even from his rabid cohort, thinks to dissuade anything against Iftikhar Chaudhry today.

That’s the old tradition. If there was one inviolable tenet of the old tradition, it was that you don’t — can’t — say anything about the chap on his way in or a chief who’s settling in.

The new tradition — if scandal, chutzpah and derring-do can sustain it — smashes the old tradition. No more post-mortems; you’re on early and instantly notice that your spin doesn’t matter, the results do.

It helps as a starting point that there’s a twin assault — against the boys and the court. Partisans can’t dismiss it as engineered, manipulated or too-slyly focused.

It’s wild and woolly enough to defy narrow categorisation or fit into believable (!) conspiracy. It’s organic, not orchestrated. It works.

Or it can work. If the second part kicks in.

We’ve seen two possibilities in recent days. The institutional, sensible, calibrated assault is the Quetta report. It is in many ways magnificent.

A sophisticated mind applied itself to a complex problem and methodically mapped out the systemic and personnel deficiencies.

If followed through on, the report could fix much. But there also lies the problem: smart, sophisticated deconstructions rely on smart, sophisticated solutions by smart, sophisticated actors.

Pakistan is anything but.

Missing, usually, always, is the element of sustained pressure for change, the element that can catalyse change.

There lies the role for scandal.

Last week it was PK661, this week it’s the Quetta report, next week it could be yours truly. Blamed are incidents, never principals.

But if that changes, if scandal spreads beyond just the political sort and engulfs the system — all principals not just the civilians — pressure may build.

And the first step to pressure is to strip away the aura, to make it not just possible but reasonable to attack — even if the attack is unreasonable.

Too much scandal, too much chaos, the effect will be perverse. But too little of it and we’re left with too many sacred cows in a country of arch carnivores.

Let scandal devour the beast. It may yet work.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 18th, 2016

Two transitions

The writer is a member of staff.

ERAS and institutional decades can seem contrived and imposed ex post, a too-convenient way of explaining the past and divining the future.

Sometimes, though, they are helpful shorthand that tease out inflection points and bracket phases.

With two new chiefs in two months in two institutions, a subtle shift in eras may be upon us in the army and the Supreme Court — a shift into and away from two pivotal figures in the two institutions.

Bajwa is the first chief of the Zia era — the first army chief to have joined the military, in 1980, after the Zia coup. CJ Nisar will be, nearly, the last chief justice from the Iftikhar Chaudhry era.

(Two more judges, Asif Khosa and Gulzar Ahmed, will be future chief justices who were installed in the Supreme Court when Iftikhar Chaudhry was still chief justice.)

Change, surely, is upon us.

Because his shadow is receding quicker, it’s easier to start with Chaudhry. This much is clear: if Chaudhry had been around, this Panama Papers and London flats business would not have tied his court in knots.

A slashing, smashing, alarming judgement would have been handed down in double-quick time and, depending on his whims and the partialities involved, the PML-N would either hastily be searching for a new PM or crowing about court-authored vindication.

Chaudhry was bad for the system. But his successors have overcompensated.

Where the incumbent has seemed uncertain and, at times, flummoxed, Chaudhry would likely have seized history and assumed centre stage with relish.

Where the incumbent has seemed satisfied with averting a political crisis by pre-empting the PTI Islamabad lockdown, a Chaudhry intervention on Nov 1 would merely have been a prelude to a marvellous, fantastical Chaudhry-esque storm.

Chaudhry was bad for the system. But his successors, in trying to bring balance back after years of judicial hyperactivism, have overcompensated. Gone is the Chaudhry substance — which is a good thing — and gone too is the Chaudhry flavour, which isn’t such a good thing.

So the incumbent thought it a good idea to get mixed up in a political/legal dispute, but then didn’t have the gumption or backing to impose his will — leaving the court a little less elevated and a little more irrelevant.

Jurists and experts can argue over what else could have been done. For our purposes, what’s important is the reassertion of the old order, a perceptual gap between how Chaudhry saw the court and how most of his predecessors did and, now, successors do.

The traditional court — and we must slot the next few successors in this mould until they prove otherwise — is protective of the institution. It is a court above the hoi polloi; a paternalistic, benevolent institution that dispenses justice and is, theoretically, for the people, but never among them.

Chaudhry was of the katchery mould, a freewheeler alert to both what works with the people and what he could get away with. The trappings and solemnities of office surely mattered, but only to the extent that they projected power and demanded obedience.

The rest was made up as occasion demanded and he desired. It was terrible — but important in one undeniable way: he made the court a player again. In the institutional scheme of things, in the system of checks and balances, the court was emphatically relevant again.

Chaudhry did it in three ways: his own celebrity, which he was more than thrilled by; his populism, which allowed him to ride roughshod over tradition and legal precedent (remember sugar prices and the Steel Mills sale?); and by forcing a consensus on his court.

His successors — repulsed, for reasons good and bad, by the Chaudhry template — have walked back all three practices.

But they’ve replaced it with a nothingness: a court above the hoi polloi and therefore with no populist support; and a court unable to be relevant, even in a disruptive way, to the institutional order and a checks-and-balances scheme.

Successive chief justices have now left the system arguably worse than what they inherited. In his last days, Mulk got involved in the election rigging allegations — but extracted no electoral, democratic or institutional gains as a result.

Now, the incumbent couldn’t resist a shot at immortality — or infamy — and ended up disappointing everyone. The next in line, CJ Nisar, will inherit a system that has wiped out all the gains and losses of Chaudhry — and will be poorer and richer for it.

Good luck to him.

On to Bajwa. He actually is a triple first. First chief born in the ’60s — 1960 — and therefore first chief born after the first coup.

First chief commissioned in the Zia era — in 1980 — and therefore first chief who lived none of the culture before. And first chief wholly and entirely with a senior — brigadier plus — career rooted in post-9/11 and post-2004, when the boys waded into Fata.

Those are seismic changes in the history of the country and the institution. It’s possible the epochs may cancel themselves out: the last decade of militancy countering the lessons of Zia. Or it’s possible the memory of the ’90s transition to democracy may burn stronger than the post-2008 version.

But the beginning of an era it surely is. Because in a chief or two, we’ll be slipping into the longest era of all: the Children of Zia.

That is, the ones who only know of life since the greatest social experiment in our great, miserable history.

Good luck to all of us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 11th, 2016

Two transitions

The writer is a member of staff.

ERAS and institutional decades can seem contrived and imposed ex post, a too-convenient way of explaining the past and divining the future.

Sometimes, though, they are helpful shorthand that tease out inflection points and bracket phases.

With two new chiefs in two months in two institutions, a subtle shift in eras may be upon us in the army and the Supreme Court — a shift into and away from two pivotal figures in the two institutions.

Bajwa is the first chief of the Zia era — the first army chief to have joined the military, in 1980, after the Zia coup. CJ Nisar will be, nearly, the last chief justice from the Iftikhar Chaudhry era.

(Two more judges, Asif Khosa and Gulzar Ahmed, will be future chief justices who were installed in the Supreme Court when Iftikhar Chaudhry was still chief justice.)

Change, surely, is upon us.

Because his shadow is receding quicker, it’s easier to start with Chaudhry. This much is clear: if Chaudhry had been around, this Panama Papers and London flats business would not have tied his court in knots.

A slashing, smashing, alarming judgement would have been handed down in double-quick time and, depending on his whims and the partialities involved, the PML-N would either hastily be searching for a new PM or crowing about court-authored vindication.

Chaudhry was bad for the system. But his successors have overcompensated.

Where the incumbent has seemed uncertain and, at times, flummoxed, Chaudhry would likely have seized history and assumed centre stage with relish.

Where the incumbent has seemed satisfied with averting a political crisis by pre-empting the PTI Islamabad lockdown, a Chaudhry intervention on Nov 1 would merely have been a prelude to a marvellous, fantastical Chaudhry-esque storm.

Chaudhry was bad for the system. But his successors, in trying to bring balance back after years of judicial hyperactivism, have overcompensated. Gone is the Chaudhry substance — which is a good thing — and gone too is the Chaudhry flavour, which isn’t such a good thing.

So the incumbent thought it a good idea to get mixed up in a political/legal dispute, but then didn’t have the gumption or backing to impose his will — leaving the court a little less elevated and a little more irrelevant.

Jurists and experts can argue over what else could have been done. For our purposes, what’s important is the reassertion of the old order, a perceptual gap between how Chaudhry saw the court and how most of his predecessors did and, now, successors do.

The traditional court — and we must slot the next few successors in this mould until they prove otherwise — is protective of the institution. It is a court above the hoi polloi; a paternalistic, benevolent institution that dispenses justice and is, theoretically, for the people, but never among them.

Chaudhry was of the katchery mould, a freewheeler alert to both what works with the people and what he could get away with. The trappings and solemnities of office surely mattered, but only to the extent that they projected power and demanded obedience.

The rest was made up as occasion demanded and he desired. It was terrible — but important in one undeniable way: he made the court a player again. In the institutional scheme of things, in the system of checks and balances, the court was emphatically relevant again.

Chaudhry did it in three ways: his own celebrity, which he was more than thrilled by; his populism, which allowed him to ride roughshod over tradition and legal precedent (remember sugar prices and the Steel Mills sale?); and by forcing a consensus on his court.

His successors — repulsed, for reasons good and bad, by the Chaudhry template — have walked back all three practices.

But they’ve replaced it with a nothingness: a court above the hoi polloi and therefore with no populist support; and a court unable to be relevant, even in a disruptive way, to the institutional order and a checks-and-balances scheme.

Successive chief justices have now left the system arguably worse than what they inherited. In his last days, Mulk got involved in the election rigging allegations — but extracted no electoral, democratic or institutional gains as a result.

Now, the incumbent couldn’t resist a shot at immortality — or infamy — and ended up disappointing everyone. The next in line, CJ Nisar, will inherit a system that has wiped out all the gains and losses of Chaudhry — and will be poorer and richer for it.

Good luck to him.

On to Bajwa. He actually is a triple first. First chief born in the ’60s — 1960 — and therefore first chief born after the first coup.

First chief commissioned in the Zia era — in 1980 — and therefore first chief who lived none of the culture before. And first chief wholly and entirely with a senior — brigadier plus — career rooted in post-9/11 and post-2004, when the boys waded into Fata.

Those are seismic changes in the history of the country and the institution. It’s possible the epochs may cancel themselves out: the last decade of militancy countering the lessons of Zia. Or it’s possible the memory of the ’90s transition to democracy may burn stronger than the post-2008 version.

But the beginning of an era it surely is. Because in a chief or two, we’ll be slipping into the longest era of all: the Children of Zia.

That is, the ones who only know of life since the greatest social experiment in our great, miserable history.

Good luck to all of us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 11th, 2016

The next phase

The writer is a member of staff.

IN a way, a lot of it has been predictable. Nawaz got into trouble because he likes fancy homes and thinks business is politics.

Imran — he hacks away the way he does because he wants power and disdains systems. Insurgents usually need to practise guerrilla politics.

Civ-mil has been rocky because it really is a zero-sum game — the civilians want to get on top, but the boys can’t let them.

India is a familiar flashpoint — the civilians want to open up to trade and normality, the boys don’t. All the better when Kashmir gets activated because it scrambles everything and delays a reckoning internally.

The US — things were going to dip once their troops exited Afghanistan, but the relationship wouldn’t completely fall apart because of security imperatives.

Afghanistan — we can’t abandon the Taliban because they are the pre-eminent Pakhtun players in a country where we have no other allies.

Internally, we’ve settled into the pattern of a long war: eliminating some, coddling others, unsteadily working out how to proceed.

In a way, it’s good things have been predictable. Because it can help point to where the next flashpoints may lie in this next phase of the transition.

In a way, it’s good things have been predictable. Because it can help point to where the next flashpoints may lie in this next phase of the transition.

So let’s give it a shot.

Panama isn’t going to go away nor will the London flats. It doesn’t matter what the court says or does, the Panama Papers and the London flats have become part of a political narrative.

The narrative is that Nawaz and his family have grown immensely rich doing politics. The N-League argues the Sharifs have grown rich doing business, but that doesn’t matter because everyone can see the Sharifs are stupendously rich.

And everyone, rich and poor, knows you don’t become stupendously rich in Pakistan without doing at least several illegal things. Especially and particularly if you’re a politician.

Panama and the London flats have become for the Sharifs what the Surrey palace was for Zardari — a proxy for all the other, vast misdeeds everyone suspects, but no one can prove.

Panama and the London flats are here to stay.

The conflict between Imran and Nawaz will intensify. Nawaz has cultivated an aura of a leader above politics, but in a few cases the mask slips and you can see the fury.

It’s long been apparent that Imran was not going to try a different strategy, but what’s becoming apparent is that Nawaz is willing to fight Imran on Imran’s terms.

It appears to be personal as much as political. Some in the N-League sensed it early and tried to steer matters away, but everyone’s fallen in line now — N-League will fight mud with mud, match blow for blow.

Politics will stay at a simmer and occasionally boil over. Twenty eighteen will feel like a long way away.

Civ-mil will stay hot, too. Not because that’s always been the case, but because the way things are set up at the moment. It’s several things.

First, Nawaz & co haven’t changed their minds — they do think there is a possibility of a real drift towards isolation and the Trump win has injected more alarm.

That means the civilian attempts to elbow themselves back into foreign policy and national security debates — on Afghanistan, the US and the like — will continue. That means more friction.

Second, India will be a problem, in that civ and mil here have different ideas about how to proceed.

The Nawaz team has given up on any big breakthrough with India; they sense Modi is neither in the mood nor in a place where he can do something dramatic on the normalisation front.

But the Nawaz team is concerned that conflict, even just political and diplomatic, could derail the N-League’s domestic agenda of focusing on the economy and putting in place what they think is the infrastructure for eventual regional trade.

That means fighting for restraint, but to the boys in a grim mood restraint means weakness. And you can never be weak on India.

Third, the anti-India militant lot are carving out fresh space for themselves. Knowing that the boys aren’t interested in a general conflagration and want to deflect global pressure by keeping them relatively muzzled, the anti-India militant lot may be testing a new operational strategy.

The strategy: focus on hard, military targets in or close to the disputed territories. It is both clever and dangerous.

Clever because it stays below red lines in a way, say, a Mumbai-like attack would not. Dangerous because any operational activity can give the anti-India lot funny ideas about testing red lines.

And then there’s the clash that’s already been coded into the system.

Winding down counter-insurgency means amping up counterterrorism. Agree or disagree with the plan, the boys have moved methodically and arrived determinedly at this moment.

After the pacification of Fata and the disruption of the links between Pakistan proper and tribal or Afghan bases, the war has to be taken to the provinces.

But Balochistan has long fallen; KP is in the zone of influence because of its proximity to Fata; and Sindh has been prised open. Alone stands Punjab.

If things elsewhere in the civ-mil realm had been more in sync, it would still have been a helluva battle. But with things already so out of whack, the fight over Punjab may turn ugly.

That Nawaz is in the wrong on Punjab and the boys right about the logical progression may make it uglier still.

In a way, it’s good that things have been predictable. Not so good is what they predict next.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 4th, 2016

Number 16

The writer is a member of staff.

THE end is harder than the beginning. He’s gone, but it was a close call — closer than it may have seemed.

It was a long 10 months.

Back in Jan, we were told he would go. On time, back to the norm, no funny business. It looked like a done deal.

But Nawaz isn’t Zardari — he looks like he could win again. The five-year arc may not apply to him.

But then the N-League started to mutter and mumble. It sounded conspiratorial, the kind of stuff pols excel at.

He doesn’t want to go, they said. He hasn’t come out and said it yet, but it’s obvious what he wants. Us to give it and give it in a way that it looks like we begged and he grudgingly accepted.

Confusing matters was that some in the N-League did want to give it, to keep him on beyond his three years.

The usual suspects with the usual reasons: to ingratiate themselves or to try and pull a fast one — if he agreed to stay on beyond three years, the N-League would have to worry less about him trying the ultimate.

For months, it was hard to separate the noise.

But then the final stretch came and the wobble grew. He is so popular; the country is demanding his service and that’s not easy to ignore, allies claimed.

Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad if previous decisions were revisited and fresh ones made in light of the new circumstances, others suggested.

Think of the country, all said.

It got to the point that real anxiety was felt. What if it went beyond discreet inquiries and oblique messengers?

What if he just came out and demanded it?

As the tension rose, so did the resolve: no extension would be offered. In this brave new world, everyone goes when his time is up. The rules would not be bent.

It helped that Nawaz had played it straight the last time round. In 2013, he waited until the last moment and then picked the chap who had made no attempt to lobby and evinced no ambition.

So this time Nawaz could pretend he was just following his own template: wait until the last minute to announce the next chap.

But an adjustment to the template had to be made. This time he let it be known that there will be a next guy, on time, on schedule and as planned.

An extension would not be offered.

The end may be harder than the beginning, but an end it was going to be. Now it’s on to the next guy to move and to figure out what lies ahead.

Easiest is to know that we will be here again in three years. It’s not the man, it’s the office — it does something to you.

What’s an easy no when theoretical becomes a squeamish maybe when the moment arrives. Faced with an actual exit, the temptation to hang on will always manifest itself.

But that’s for the end. We’ve got three years to get through first. And in at least one respect, they may have to be different.

From Kayani to Raheel, we’ve seen the new scheme: rule without ruling. It means keep the civilians pinned backed generally and pinioned to the mat occasionally.

It’s worked well and the list of contrivances and convulsions is long and notorious.

The template has been to hit the new guy early, then get him again around the midpoint and then let him worry about elections by years four and five.

It amounts to: quickly sweep away early political capital and the electoral glow of a win at the polls; remind the civilians who’s boss around the time they may start to think beyond just survival; and let the normal electoral distractions do their work towards the end.

But Nawaz isn’t Zardari — he looks like he could win again. The five-year arc may not apply to him.

So far and on schedule, Nawaz has had a rough year three. Battered over Panama, battered over Modi and a rough transition to the next chief — orchestrated or not, it’s come together nicely according to the template.

But even now, Nawaz looks like he’ll survive and go on to be the favourite for re-election and a historic fourth term.

Then there’s the business of the other side catching on — the civilians figuring out what the boys are willing to do and learning that delay and non-reaction can see them through.

So the next chief will have to tweak the template and it sure as heck will be interesting to see how he goes about it.

The options are several. The episodes could become more intense. The abortive dharna could become the real deal — brinkmanship taken to the next level.

Memogate and the like could be escalated into yet more significant accusations of national security violations and harm to the national interest.

More significant political scalps could be demanded. And — the nuclear option: getting back into the game of massaging election results.

Nawaz, after all, remains uniquely vulnerable: he can win again all right, but he’ll have to sweep central and north Punjab — lands that are stalked by enemies aplenty.

All that we can know is that it won’t be pretty and it can’t nearly be predicted.

But that’s for the future. For now, welcome to No 16.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 27th, 2016

Floppy and sloppy

The writer is a member of staff.

THE good thing about the PTI is that it’s predictable: floppy and sloppy when it seems to matter most. Performance anxiety, as it were.

The bad thing about the PTI is that it’s not interested in institutions. Not parliament, not the courts, not the systems of government.

This week, good and bad were in abundant display.

Every time it has a chance to interact with the state and its democratic institutions in a healthy manner, the PTI seems to sputter and fail.

The Supreme Court option was not the PTI’s choice. In fact, the court option was a manifestation of the PTI’s failure.

The goal, after all, had been to oust the government. The instrument for that was supposed to have been the lockdown.

That failed and it failed spectacularly.

And when it failed, the court arguably helped salvage the situation and mitigate the PTI’s ignominy — something the PTI is aware of, but cannot admit.

The court option kept the Panama issue alive. Alive where the imploded, abortive lockdown had almost succeeded in burying.

The lockdown had helped switch the focus from the Panama stuff — ostensibly the reason for the lockdown — to the lockdown itself. In politics, you win on the perception of what is at stake.

Once the success of the Islamabad lockdown itself became central to the political narrative, there was only one metric against which the PTI vs PML-N battle would be judged.

But the court intervention gave the PTI a new lease of life. Go to the court and maybe get the result needed. And if not ouster, then at least draw some N-League blood.

So to folk outside the PTI it looked like another chance to agitate the Panama issue. And maybe even a moment to deliver a political knockout punch to a PML-N pinned to the mat legally.

Some inside the PTI seemed alert to the possibility and tried to cast it as such. Let’s take this seriously and help the court do what we need it to do.

It seemed a moment for the PTI’s good side to triumph. An articulate, sober, evidence-backed case for why Nawaz should not be prime minister and the PML-N should not be in power.

A case argued in the highest court of the land and before the most senior judge in the land. But the PTI’s bad side took over.

Pilloried as the PTI has been for its abject performance in court this week, there is an element of exaggerated political spin to it.

It’s not like the PTI can be expected or required as a political party to prove crimes committed by individuals, even — and especially — if those crimes have allegedly been committed by the PTI’s political opponents.

But what could have been expected of the PTI is to not appear incompetent and draw attention to its own desultoriness and in doing so deflect attention away from the Panama/PML-N nexus.

But that’s the PTI’s bad side: floppy and sloppy. And a total disregard for institutions and a hyper focus on politics and politicisation.

It remains perhaps the most troubling bit about the PTI.

The perma-campaign mode is what insurgents and outsiders do. Like it or not, it’s fine — and maybe even smart.

The relentless political attacks and crude political tactics are also what insurgents and outsiders do. Like it or not, it too is fine — and maybe even smart.

Never taking the foot off the accelerator and threatening to careen and crash into everything and anything until you get your way is also a classic insurgent/outsider approach. It’s fine — and maybe even politically smart.

But to deliberately, wilfully and always reject every opportunity where even a smidgen of respect for institutions and democratic process can helpfully be established — and at very little cost — is troubling for a party that aspires to power.

And not only aspires to power, but has a legitimate shot at winning it one day.

The PTI’s political opponents can delight in the PTI again tripping up over itself, its hubris and incompetence this week.

But from the perspective of the system, it remains troubling that one of the two major contenders for power does not seem able or willing to practise anything other than slash-and-burn politics.

The Supreme Court option was already evidence of the PTI’s failure at its original — and abiding — goal: the ouster of Nawaz and the installation of the PTI in power.

But the Supreme Court option was also a chance to again pursue that goal while demonstrating that it is also serious about how it will wield — once it gains — power.

Instead, the party chose to show us its worst side.

Even elements within the PTI seem to know this — that the longer the party’s quest for power has grown, the less it has been interested in anything but power.

There is, obviously, no responsibility on the PTI to do things differently because it would look better or may be, in some vague, academic way, system-enhancing.

If anything, the PTI has much to be satisfied about — that despite political setback after setback, the party remains the only viable challenge to the PML-N.

Slash and burn, always on the attack, go it alone — those are the prerogatives of a political party.

But every time it has a chance to interact with the state and its democratic institutions in a healthy, meaningful and cooperative manner, the PTI seems to sputter, flutter and fail.

Quite why that is so, only the PTI can tell us. What we can tell the PTI though is that it’s terrible form and bad omen.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 20th, 2016

A beautiful, ugly thing

The writer is a member of staff.

“EVERYTHING burns,” says the Joker in the Dark Knight, a bit of modern-day American film lore.

Closer to the American political experience, there’s a favourite invocation of gun-rights activists and the like:

The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural manure.

America has its patriot-tyrant.

It seems impossible. This is no Brexit. This is no Erdogan or Sisi. This is no French Le Pen or Hungarian Orban. This is America.

Even if you don’t believe in the shining-city-upon-a-hill exaggeratedness, you can’t be anything but astounded. Even if you don’t care about politics, you know you have to pay heed.

What will he do and what will it mean? Who the hell knows.

There is a near perfect correlation between those fear-mongering right now and the ones who thought victory was never possible.

Trump could wreck the world, unleashing the American military leviathan, but is it obvious that he will?

This, after all, is the candidate who crushed the latest Bush by excoriating the Iraq war as a disaster and calling his brother a liar.

And it’s not like the Republican establishment is in thrall to a cabal looking for expansive military adventures. If anything, no to endless wars is a standard Republican talking point.

Trump could wreck the world, unleashing the American military leviathan, but is it obvious that he will?

So there may be arrogance, but there aren’t obvious signs of foreign adventurism. Indeed, there is the counter-intuitive possibility: what if he turns out to be too much like Obama?

The over-cautious, over-correcting Obama who allowed vacuums to appear in some places. And in other places, the plain incompetent Obama.

Iraq will forever be Bush’s millstone, but Obama has a pretty ignominious record in Afghanistan — bizarrely, from every possible side.

It was Obama who ratcheted up American troops in Afghanistan to their highest-ever number — thrice the number under Bush’s forgotten war.

That went nowhere and, arguably, Obama himself ensured it would go nowhere by announcing his surge-and-exit plan in 2009.

Perhaps that wasn’t so bad — give the military what it wants before allowing the White House to assert its own vision — but it turned out to be terrible because there was no vision on Afghanistan.

No reasonable person can look at what Obama has tried in Afghanistan since the surge and claim that it has the semblance of a strategy or plan.

And then there are the real disasters, places like Libya and Syria.

There the Obama record has been even worse: not just changing his mind once, but seemingly changing his mind all the time.

Assad is out; Assad can stay. We’re going to fight IS, we’re going to fight the other groups; no, wait, we’re going to try something else.

And Libya is a horror show, one only fathomable because of the readymade blame on the tinderbox of tribal rivalries that Qadhafi suppressed for long. But even then, it borders on the unfathomable.

So, yeah, Trump may prove to be like a predecessor, but maybe just not the one that may immediately seem obvious.

There is, though, an obvious Trumpian danger: another 9/11-type attack on American soil.

There too, from an external, non-American perspective, Trump’s disregard for civil liberties and the determination to strengthen the steel cage that is the security net over the homeland may be a boon.

It may, in fact, further lower the possibility of another 9/11 inside America.

But no one thought 9/11 was possible until 9/11 happened and the determination of the militant enemy, whether homegrown or foreign-born, means the risk will never approach zero.

Trump confronted by a wild moment may turn out to be unhinged in response. And the world is a small place when the American leviathan stamps around in a rage.

So, if the right fears aren’t necessarily immediately obvious, could Trump prove to be a surprise in other areas?

Again, who knows.

But it is possible to separate some of the early noise. Trump could be divisive for America, but divisiveness in America is not fuelled by one side alone.

Well-meaning as it may be — though not necessarily and automatically so — liberal America has wielded its inclusive ideology as a stick with which to beat non-liberal America.

It ought to be obvious, but liberalism is not ecumenical — the diversity liberal America has embraced is built on a mocking disdain for conservative values and conservative America.

It is often dressed up as well-thought-out and superior, but often the liberal champions of, say, non-white America and multiculturalism are dismissive of red America as nothing more than racist know-nothings. Conservative America knows this.

Forget all the numbers and the electoral minutiae for a moment. Trump will be the next president of America because chunks of a so-called blue wall of Democratic states voted for him.

States that twice voted for a black man over conservative white men in the previous two elections.

The hideous screams and bleak ululating since Trump won have not obscured that basic fact — that whatever the racial component of Trump’s campaign, he didn’t win because of race.

If anything, Trump won for some of the reasons Obama won in 2008: America wanted change from a divisive president who could only deliver anaemic economic growth.

And therein lies possibly the greatness of it all.

Among the seeming bleakness, there is an unchanging reality that even Trump must know: if he doesn’t deliver, the very voter who has swept him to power will unceremoniously kick him to the kerb.

Democracy: it’s a beautiful, ugly thing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn November 13th, 2016

An election night like no other

IT was so stunning as to be incomprehensible, even to some Donald Trump supporters. At 7pm, the Republican nominee was the universal underdog; by 10pm, Trump had become the odds-on favourite to win a transformational election.

“The silent majority is no longer silent,” William, a euphoric Trump supporter who identified himself only by his first name, told Dawn outside the Hilton Hotel, the Manhattan venue where Trump would finally deliver his victory speech at 3am on Wednesday.

Another Trump supporter, wearing a trademark red ‘Make America Great Again’ baseball cap, could only marvel at the scale of the victory. “We won the House (of Representatives), Senate and the White House. Wow,” he said before disappearing into a small crowd of jubilant, flag-waving, slogan-chanting supporters.

Tuesday was also a quintessentially New York drama. After casting her vote, Hillary Clinton took up residence for the day in a hotel near the flagship Trump Tower, the home and campaign headquarters of Trump. The Democratic nominee had also picked a venue just 20 city blocks away from Trump’s for her own election night event.

And squeezed in between the two venues are the Manhattan headquarters of all the major TV news networks in the country, where crowds gathered on Tuesday to watch live coverage of the election results. As the evening progressed and the results began to swing inexorably towards Trump, Clinton supporters began to melt away and Trump supporters swelled in number.

“Lock her up, lock her up,” supporters would break out in a favourite chant, a nod to the Republican nominee’s demand that Clinton ought to be prosecuted for alleged crimes committed in office.

“Drain the swamp,” others yelled, a conservative slogan that Trump adopted late in his campaign and that is meant to project Republican opposition to corruption and big government. ‘Women for Trump’ and ‘Blacks for Trump’ placards were waved by supporters outside the Trump venues.

While Trump’s victory was built on the disproportionate support of white voters, he also captured a higher-than-expected percentage of the non-white vote. Glenn D’Abreo, a Karachi-born resident of California who runs a Conservative blog (hangright.us), explained why he has been a fierce supporter of the Republican nominee:

“With Obama, I watched our president apologise to many countries for what America was. We watched as third-rate military powers cowed America on the high seas and in the mid-Asian high desert. Donald promised us that we would never lose again. He promised we would win again, consistently, and the feeling was heady.”

D’Abreo continued: “It didn’t matter that (Trump) was short on detail. We didn’t care. The prospect of winning again and never having to apologise for our country again had a euphoric effect on us. This is a white, male attitude. I suppose I identify, although I am an Asian immigrant, as one of these Trump supporters. They are under-educated and thereby have been spared the indoctrination that all college students are subjected to in the process of higher education.”

In obvious contrast to the elation of Trump supporters, there was the desolation of Clinton backers.

Before polling opened on Tuesday, Mary Mulligan, a New York resident who is registered to vote in Pennsylvania, explained why she believed the election was critical: “I’m supporting the most qualified and experienced candidate. She’s a woman. I was raised to believe that America is a meritocracy. I was raised to believe that my country was on a long march towards freedom and equality. I was raised to believe that bullies don’t win. This election tests my core values. It’s the most important election in my lifetime.”

Late on Tuesday, with a Trump victory within sight, Mulligan remarked, “New Yorkers are reaching for their phones to call their therapists.”

But outside the Hilton Hotel there was only joyous celebration. William, the Trump supporter, was exultant, “Donald Trump is the only one who stands for America.”

A stone’s throw from Broadway, a drama of epic proportions was being played out live in the streets of Manhattan.

Published in Dawn November 10th, 2016

One, two, three

The writer is a member of staff.

ULTIMATELY, they’re going to have to do it. They know it, we know it and the targets do too: decommission the favourites; defang the good ones.

Get rid of militancy.

Think of it as an arc: from Musharraf to Kayani to Raheel to the next chief, a progressive clampdown against groups that had to be taken on.

Think of it as an arc: from Musharraf to Kayani to Raheel to the next chief, a progressive clampdown against groups that had to be taken on.

With Musharraf, it was Al Qaeda — 9/11 changed the world and the world changed how we did business.

From Kayani to Raheel, a second purge — the anti-Pakistan lot. They came after us, so we had to go after them.

And soon the next chief — confronted with the spectre of a roiling Kashmir and the long-term presence of a right-winger in Delhi causing the last line standing to go into agitated motion.

Something will have to be done before they do us in.

One, two, three — is there an arc of inevitability to it? Each successive chief having to go incrementally further than the last, not necessarily because he wanted to, but because he had to.

Lost in the warfare of the last month was an important consensus: the civilians said something needed to be done and the boys agreed — though, tellingly, the civilians resisted other actions in Punjab.

But the path to recognising that something has to be done about the anti-India lot has begun to be trodden.

It is the logic of utility, institutional self-preservation and the mechanism of jihad: if the groups exist, they occasionally have to go into action; and when they do, the outside world has a reaction.

Once, twice, thrice — from Mumbai to Pathankot to Uri, the future is being written for us.

Uri was perhaps the least significant and so the reaction the most telling. Pathankot was really the bigger deal, but it came a week after Modi’s Christmas Day Lahore surprise.

He couldn’t react as angrily because he had just pushed open the door to normalisation. So India swallowed its rage and the world kept quiet.

When Uri happened, there was no such luck. India went into a rage and the world sympathised, even before the facts were known.

On India, we don’t have the advantage we have with the Afghan-centric lot. There we can always nudge them across the border — go home to where you belong, we can tell them when the time comes.

With the anti-India lot, this is home. They’re from here and this is where the fallout will be suffered.

And so this is where they’ll have to be dealt with.

The past offers some clues about what the future could look like. With Al Qaeda there was an opening wallop followed by sustained action.

The wallop came because 9/11 was momentous. It is how history will be measured, time before 9/11 and time after.

The sustained, years-long pursuit of Al Qaeda, in Fata and the cities, came because America insisted and America had the resources to make sure we listened.

But then came the Osama anomaly — what the hell was he doing here for those long years in plain sight?

The lesson: we’re like the kid who hates homework. We’ll make a show of it in the beginning and then find reason to go slow or switch off.

Phase three, the push against the anti-India lot, will be a root canal — when we get around to it, we sure won’t like it and will find plenty of reason not to until it threatens to kill us.

From the push against the anti-Pakistan lot, a different lesson: the need to create a national narrative first, the fabled public consensus that the boys demand as the starting point.

The boys have already hinted at it in private: telling the civilians to get a parliamentary resolution; arguing that public opinion needs to be kept onside; cautioning against moving too fast and under a perception of Indian pressure.

It can seem a ruse and a delaying mechanism, but the experience of getting to the point of saying no more on the anti-Pakistan lot is mirroring the talking points on the anti-India lot — the boys won’t do it until they’re sure they have the public onside.

But let’s not kid ourselves — the anti-India lot are fundamentally a different challenge.

It’s not like that they’re hard to find — their power is derived from the ability to thrive in plain sight. When we do decide to go after them, the core networks can be shut down relatively quickly.

The challenge, then, is something else: separating them from the anti-India narrative.

We’ll have to find a way to shut down the anti-India lot without tampering with the story of India being Enemy No 1.

Because, as has become evident, India being Enemy No 1 is an unalterable truth, an inalienable position that the boys will never give up.

The logic of utility, institutional self-preservation and the mechanism of jihad means the boys can and will turn on the anti-India lot. What the boys will never do is give up on India being the enemy.

So how to do it? And can it happen as soon as the next chief?

It won’t happen when India is demanding furiously — this much we can see. And it won’t happen when the civilians try to make themselves look good.

But it can if — if — someone can figure out how to get the boys to do it without making it look like it was someone else’s idea and without the boys looking bad.

One, two, three — at least the logic is in place.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 6th, 2016

Lack of US election focus on Pakistan termed a boon

NEW YORK: Eight years since the pledge to end the war in Afghanistan gave Pakistan a somewhat unwanted prominence in then-candidate Barack Obama’s presidential campaign, the election campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have barely featured mention of Pakistan.

In an interview with the Hindustan Times in October, Mr Trump claimed that he would “love to be the mediator or arbitrator” between India and Pakistan, but in typical contradictory fashion, he told a Republican Hindu Coalition event the same day that the US would be “best friends” with India under a Trump presidency.

Meanwhile, Ms Clinton has not made any comment of significance on Pakistan throughout her campaign. The combined silence of the candidates, however, may be something of a boon in a tumultuous election season, according to Pakistan analysts in the US.

“It’s very fortunate for Afghanistan and Pakistan to have been out of the campaigns because if they had become part of it, it would have been in a negative way,” Andrew Wilder, a vice president of Asia programmes at the United States Institute of Peace (USIP), told Dawn. “This has not been a campaign about substantive policy issues.”

While Ms Clinton has a long public record, including as Secretary of State, the virtual absence of any mention of Pakistan in Mr Trump’s speeches has meant there is little clarity about where a Trump presidency may diverge from President Obama’s approach to Pakistan and in which areas continuity can be expected.

Examine: I am a Pakistani-American and Trump's rise threatens me

Mr Trump’s skeletal foreign policy and national security team and his often public contradictions of prominent advisers have further muddied the policy waters. “Trump is more dangerous than Clinton because you don’t really know what he’s thinking,” said Shuja Nawaz, author of the soon-to-be-updated Crossed Swords and a distinguished fellow at the Atlantic Council.

The most visible of Mr Trump’s national security advisers is a retired army general, Michael Flynn. Gen Flynn was director of the Defence Intelligence Agency until August 2014 and has triggered public concern among ex-colleagues and supporters for his enthusiastic embrace of some of Mr Trump’s signature, and most controversial policies.

However, according to Mr Nawaz, Gen Flynn is well acquainted with Pakistan and as director of the DIA had shown evidence of cross-border militancy to Pakistani officials in a bid to press the US administration about Pakistan’s perceived lack of action.

The move angered some of Gen Flynn’s colleagues in the intelligence community who believed that the DIA director’s overture to Pakistan may have exposed American intelligence-gathering methods. “Gen Flynn may be more likely to engage with Pakistan and likely may not be who his boss (Mr Trump) is, but ultimately it’s the boss’s decisions that matter,” Mr Nawaz said.

Relative to the fundamental uncertainty about what a Trump presidency could mean for Pakistan, a Clinton presidency’s policy outlines are easier to predict. “Clinton would likely be a basic continuation of Obama,” said George Perkovich, a vice president at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and co-author of Not War, Not Peace: Motivating Pakistan to Prevent Cross-Border Terrorism.

“Keep India and Indians as happy as we can. Keep an eye on China. And with Pakistan, simultaneously resist those in Congress who want to cut ties and aid to Pakistan because of the intel cooperation that [the US] needs, and at the same time be suspicious of the (Pakistani) military’s intentions in Afghanistan and work on lowering risk of (militancy) attacks in India,” Mr Perkovich explained.

Continuity itself could be an irritant, however, according to Mr Wilder, the vice president at USIP. “More broadly, because of the commitments the US has made in Afghanistan until 2020, Afghanistan is going to remain a priority for engagement,” he said of a possible Clinton presidency. “And because of that, US-Pak relations will likely remain an irritant.”

In the short term, Mr Wilder warned that the transition from the Obama presidency between the election next Tuesday and the swearing-in of the next president in January could open the door to political strife in neighbouring Afghanistan.

“The National Unity Government is held together largely by the US ambassador, the special representative (for AfPak) and Secretary of State Kerry. Once they’re gone and before a new team can settle in, something could happen in Afghanistan,” Mr Wilder said.

Published in Dawn, November 5th, 2016

The paradox of Clinton: winning, but deeply unpopular

CLEVELAND: Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton laughs as she orders lunch at a cafe on Monday.—AP

NEW YORK: Next Tuesday, on Nov 8, America will elect as its next president one of the two most unpopular candidates in modern history. While the candidacy of Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, is manifestly controversial, the wellspring of hostility towards Hillary Clinton is not as easily explained.

Jonathan Chait, a widely respected liberal commentator at New York magazine, articulated the alarm of many of his colleagues thus in September: “The harrowing reality is that the only thing standing between handing control of the Executive branch to a wildly ignorant, racist demagogue with a fondness for the authoritarian world is the second-most-unpopular presidential nominee in the history of modern polling.”

Ms Clinton has not always been so unpopular with the electorate. She was viewed favourably by a majority of Americans during her tenure as Secretary of State and before that twice handily won a Senate seat from New York. Moreover, her husband, former president Bill Clinton, and President Barack Obama are viewed favourably by a majority of Americans — Democratic presidents in whose mould Ms Clinton has explicitly tried to cast herself.

“I’m surprised and terrified she can’t beat him by 12 points,” Isaac Chotiner, a writer at Slate, told Dawn, referring to Ms Clinton’s relatively narrow lead in national polling. “Ideologically, she’s closer to the average voter. I don’t get it.”

Ms Clinton’s long-standing troubles with the American voter appear to have deepened during a bruising Democratic primary battle with Bernie Sanders, a socialist Senator from Vermont. Early in that battle, Ms Clinton’s net favourability ratings turned negative and since then she has been on a path towards a growing majority of Americans disapproving of her.

Of the insurgent challenge by Mr Sanders, Mr Chait of the New York magazine has written: “When [Mr Sanders] used terms like ‘corrupt’ and ‘rigged’ and ‘bought and paid for’, [voters] understood these in a much sharper way. Younger voters, who did not form clear views of Clinton in the 1990s, were introduced to her as a literally criminal figure.”

Cenk Uyghur, co-founder of The Young Turks and a vocal supporter of Mr Sanders, told Dawn: “Hillary Clinton is not any worse than any other politician who takes millions — in her case, billions — and does whatever her donors want, but she has done it on an unprecedented scale. So, Americans have a sneaking suspicion that she represents all of those donors instead of them. That is why she is currently tied with a monster.”

Others, such as Mr Chotiner and Kim Ghattas, author of a sympathetic biography of Ms Clinton, ‘The Secretary’, have publicly argued that Ms Clinton suffers from a likeability problem. “She comes across as inauthentic, clumsy. It’s a personality and character thing. That and the woman factor,” Mr Chotiner said.

Ms Ghattas has written: “Democratic supporters quietly confide they worry that no matter how good Mrs Clinton’s policies are, her elusive likeability will undermine her message. The gap between her warmth and ability to connect with people in small settings and the coolness she can project while on a larger stage remains a mystery to her friends.”

Compounding Ms Clinton’s flaws as a candidate in the eyes of the voter is the unremitting email scandal stemming from Ms Clinton’s decision to use a private email server during her stint as Secretary of State. The bombshell announcement by FBI Director James Comey on Friday that his agency is reopening its investigation into Ms Clinton’s use of the private server has rocked the campaign.

In an unpredictable and at times sordid election season, the latest email irruption has pulled together many of the factors that have made a majority of voters uncomfortable about supporting Ms Clinton. “The way the email thing became a scandal is astonishing, but from the very beginning, it was mishandled by them,” Mr Chotiner said, referring to the Clinton campaign’s perceived evasiveness on the matter.

“The Clintons have danced on many ethical lines,” he added, summing up a campaign that has been a grim, cheerless affair rather than a triumphant march towards becoming the first female president of the United States.

Published in Dawn, November 1st, 2016

On a knife edge

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S not the confidence — he’s always had that. It’s the snarl and the menace. Imran is moving in for the kill.

And this time the prey is in sight and within reach.

Nawaz is in trouble. Locked in a self-created pincer, he’s given reason for his ouster — national security threat! — and given the means, too — corruption!

The dilemma for Nawaz has been that if he cuts one loose, the bleeding will never stop — more and more heads will be demanded.

The oldest of scripts is back.

If everyone else can see it, then you can bet Imran sure as hell can, or has had someone show him.

From here, the plan ought to be straightforward. Get people to flow towards Islamabad on Nov 2. Not in large numbers, but just enough to cause alarm.

Because the government is already alarmed, even the minimum could work. A bunch of stragglers here and there chanting and marching towards police barricades, TV cameras in tow.

Then, let the government do its thing and be its ham-fisted, overkill, aggressive self.

Police charging at protesters, women getting roughed up, men being thwacked over the head by batons; melee and mayhem. In minutes, a national crisis — and space for real danger.

The real danger being blood on the streets. A policeman too quick to use his gun. A protester armed with more than stones and his fists. An interloper inserted to create mischief.

But the N-League has several cards of its own to play.

First, it has disrupted the PTI’s run-up to Nov 2. Scattering protesters, detaining leaders — it will have an effect on potential crowd size next Wednesday.

That could reduce the protests to a manageable level, allowing for the police to remain disciplined and the N-League to not go into full panic mode.

Second, the N-League could release some pressure on the civ-mil front. Offering up Pervaiz Rasheed, albeit temporarily, and green-lighting a military-heavy inquiry buys time — and casts doubt over the finality of Imran’s mission.

In the 24 days since the story dropped, this much has been clear: the military wants to hack away at Nawaz loyalists who have long been judged too hawkish — and dangerous because they’re willing to take risks.

But the dilemma for Nawaz has been that if he cuts one loose, the bleeding will never stop — more and more heads will be demanded, in this round or the next, whenever that arrives.

So why not make the best of the worst and do a partial sacrifice that gives something to both sides just as the PTI threat is peaking?

The suspension of Pervaiz Rasheed helps address the military’s demand for someone significant to be offered up, while the at-the-moment temporary punishment offers solace to Sharif loyalists that the boss won’t just abandon them to the wolves.

And given that Imran’s protest has been turbocharged by the spectre of acute civ-mil discord, the suggestion that a solution is being worked towards on the civ-mil front helps Nawaz defuse the Imran threat.

Third, Nawaz could just appoint a new chief. It has been an option from Day 1, but it also quickly became apparent that it is the option of last resort, the nuclear option.

The problem for the N-League isn’t the will, but the way the military works.

Appoint a new chief with the other guy still having a few weeks to go and all power doesn’t immediately drain away from the latter and flow to the former.

The chief is still the chief till his last day and as long as you’re chief, you’re all-powerful. And with the current chap it’s not like allies will suddenly desert him in the midst of a civ-mil fight.

So, fiddling around with succession plans in the middle of a crisis is about as high-stakes as it can get.

And then there’re the bits no one wants to talk about. Does the current chap want to stay on — same place, same job? Or is he at all inclined to try the ultimate?

Here is where neither side can truly know, a blind game based on guesswork by each side about what the other wants out of it.

What is apparent is that at its root, the present crisis is about power — who wields it, how they wield it and to what end do they wield it.

The more Nawaz chafed at being sidelined in foreign policy and national security, the more likely it was that a crisis would emerge.

Now, it perhaps comes down to two questions, one for each of the principals.

For Nawaz: how determined is he to be something more than chief inaugurator of bits and bobs of road and electricity megawatts?

For Raheel: how willing is he to believe that Nawaz will in fact go back into his box and stick to being inaugurator-in-chief and nothing more?

If Nawaz wants more, he’ll bash the PTI and batter the protesters — a message to one and all that he won’t be bowed.

Defiance could end in defeat, but it’ll force the other side to explicitly team up and for the real power struggle to come out in the open.

If Raheel doesn’t believe Nawaz can be convinced to return to his box and to remain there, the dogs of protest may be unleashed in the streets and hawkish Sharif loyalists hacked away quickly and determinedly.

And if that doesn’t prove enough, the ultimate script is already written:

A national security threat who has pillaged the nation and corrupted high office can’t remain PM, can he?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 30th, 2016

On a knife edge

The writer is a member of staff.

IT’S not the confidence — he’s always had that. It’s the snarl and the menace. Imran is moving in for the kill.

And this time the prey is in sight and within reach.

Nawaz is in trouble. Locked in a self-created pincer, he’s given reason for his ouster — national security threat! — and given the means, too — corruption!

The dilemma for Nawaz has been that if he cuts one loose, the bleeding will never stop — more and more heads will be demanded.

The oldest of scripts is back.

If everyone else can see it, then you can bet Imran sure as hell can, or has had someone show him.

From here, the plan ought to be straightforward. Get people to flow towards Islamabad on Nov 2. Not in large numbers, but just enough to cause alarm.

Because the government is already alarmed, even the minimum could work. A bunch of stragglers here and there chanting and marching towards police barricades, TV cameras in tow.

Then, let the government do its thing and be its ham-fisted, overkill, aggressive self.

Police charging at protesters, women getting roughed up, men being thwacked over the head by batons; melee and mayhem. In minutes, a national crisis — and space for real danger.

The real danger being blood on the streets. A policeman too quick to use his gun. A protester armed with more than stones and his fists. An interloper inserted to create mischief.

But the N-League has several cards of its own to play.

First, it has disrupted the PTI’s run-up to Nov 2. Scattering protesters, detaining leaders — it will have an effect on potential crowd size next Wednesday.

That could reduce the protests to a manageable level, allowing for the police to remain disciplined and the N-League to not go into full panic mode.

Second, the N-League could release some pressure on the civ-mil front. Offering up Pervaiz Rasheed, albeit temporarily, and green-lighting a military-heavy inquiry buys time — and casts doubt over the finality of Imran’s mission.

In the 24 days since the story dropped, this much has been clear: the military wants to hack away at Nawaz loyalists who have long been judged too hawkish — and dangerous because they’re willing to take risks.

But the dilemma for Nawaz has been that if he cuts one loose, the bleeding will never stop — more and more heads will be demanded, in this round or the next, whenever that arrives.

So why not make the best of the worst and do a partial sacrifice that gives something to both sides just as the PTI threat is peaking?

The suspension of Pervaiz Rasheed helps address the military’s demand for someone significant to be offered up, while the at-the-moment temporary punishment offers solace to Sharif loyalists that the boss won’t just abandon them to the wolves.

And given that Imran’s protest has been turbocharged by the spectre of acute civ-mil discord, the suggestion that a solution is being worked towards on the civ-mil front helps Nawaz defuse the Imran threat.

Third, Nawaz could just appoint a new chief. It has been an option from Day 1, but it also quickly became apparent that it is the option of last resort, the nuclear option.

The problem for the N-League isn’t the will, but the way the military works.

Appoint a new chief with the other guy still having a few weeks to go and all power doesn’t immediately drain away from the latter and flow to the former.

The chief is still the chief till his last day and as long as you’re chief, you’re all-powerful. And with the current chap it’s not like allies will suddenly desert him in the midst of a civ-mil fight.

So, fiddling around with succession plans in the middle of a crisis is about as high-stakes as it can get.

And then there’re the bits no one wants to talk about. Does the current chap want to stay on — same place, same job? Or is he at all inclined to try the ultimate?

Here is where neither side can truly know, a blind game based on guesswork by each side about what the other wants out of it.

What is apparent is that at its root, the present crisis is about power — who wields it, how they wield it and to what end do they wield it.

The more Nawaz chafed at being sidelined in foreign policy and national security, the more likely it was that a crisis would emerge.

Now, it perhaps comes down to two questions, one for each of the principals.

For Nawaz: how determined is he to be something more than chief inaugurator of bits and bobs of road and electricity megawatts?

For Raheel: how willing is he to believe that Nawaz will in fact go back into his box and stick to being inaugurator-in-chief and nothing more?

If Nawaz wants more, he’ll bash the PTI and batter the protesters — a message to one and all that he won’t be bowed.

Defiance could end in defeat, but it’ll force the other side to explicitly team up and for the real power struggle to come out in the open.

If Raheel doesn’t believe Nawaz can be convinced to return to his box and to remain there, the dogs of protest may be unleashed in the streets and hawkish Sharif loyalists hacked away quickly and determinedly.

And if that doesn’t prove enough, the ultimate script is already written:

A national security threat who has pillaged the nation and corrupted high office can’t remain PM, can he?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 30th, 2016

Tense final days of historic campaign

TEN days from a historic US election, the latest polling data suggests the presidential race is tightening once again after a disastrous stretch for the Republican nominee, Donald Trump.

According to FiveThirtyEight.com, a popular polling analysis website, “Trump has narrowed [Democratic nominee Hillary] Clinton’s lead in the popular vote to roughly 6 percentage points from 7 points a week ago,” though Ms Clinton remains the overwhelming favourite of forecasters.

The tightening contest comes as American voters appear to shrug off the lascivious comments of Mr Trump caught on tape in 2005 and a slew of sexual assault allegations, while Ms Clinton is struggling to contend with a spate of emails published by WikiLeaks that have reinforced suspicions of financial impropriety at the Clinton Foundation, a $2bn non-for-profit corporation.

David Nakamura, a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, suggested that the reason why neither candidate has been able to pull away decisively in the polls is a toxic political climate: “Clinton’s long history in politics has worn away her approval ratings and made her and her husband polarising to a large segment of the public. This has been a nasty campaign that has dragged down public opinions on both sides in an already polarised country.”

Outside Trump Tower, the Manhattan home and campaign headquarters of the Republican nominee, the national polarisation was on stark display on a wet and cold Friday morning. Small throngs of protesters and supporters were watched over by a heavy security presence as media representatives milled around.

Mr Trump’s supporters are vocal and voluble about their reasons for supporting him. Ally — a native New Yorker who supports the Republican nominee and requested that only her first name be used — was blunt: “Look, I’m Republican. I could never vote for her,” referring to Ms Clinton.

She added: “The country is broken and it needs a non-politician to fix it. Trump is real. Look at her. Look at how corrupt she is.”

The fervent support for Mr Trump and the steady drip of politically damaging news for the Clinton campaign has some questioning whether, despite Ms Clinton’s healthy, consistent lead in the national polls, the election result is a foregone conclusion.

According to Richard Leiby, a senior editor at the Post: “I grew up in the Pennsylvania coal and hunting country — and these Trump people are my people, too. I get their anger. I get why they want Trump.”

He added: “Trump’s clear appeal is to the disenfranchised working class who haven’t seen an actual rise in income in 40 years. These voters revile the Washington political establishment as much as the limousine liberals on the East Coast revile Trump.”

The combination of a country split down the middle politically; an unusually large number of as-yet-undecided voters or those supporting third-party candidates; and two historically disliked, unpopular candidates has veteran journalists like Mr Leiby cautious: “Can we trust polling in key states like Pennsylvania and Ohio, showing that Trump is already locked out of the White House because of an impending electoral college defeat? The polls are no doubt pretty accurate at this point, but not fail-safe. And when people reach the polling station itself, all bets are off.”

However, the electoral college — a group of 538 electors nominated from individual states on the basis of a state’s Congressional and Senate representation — is a winner-take-all system at the state level and poses a formidable challenge for Mr Trump.

While 270 votes are needed for victory by either candidate, state-level polling indicates Mr Trump has less than 200, all from solidly Republican states. But there remain a number of so-called battleground states that Mr Trump could sweep for an unlikely victory on Nov 8.

Meanwhile, Ms Clinton remains vulnerable to the fabled October surprise, a late set of damaging revelations in a presidential campaign or a scandal that could vaporise the Democratic nominee’s lead in the polls. The announcement on Friday afternoon by FBI Director James Comey that more emails from Ms Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State are to be examined by the FBI caused the Dow Jones Industrial Average to plummet in the minutes after the news.

Outside Trump Tower in Manhattan, the energy is palpable. Sixteen months ago Mr Trump famously descended an escalator in the glittering lobby to announce an unlikely presidential bid. He has ten days left to convince American voters that a historic, wild and unpredictable campaign should end in victory.

Published in Dawn October 29th, 2016

An impasse

The writer is a member of staff.

AS promised, normal service today. There is one of two ways the weeks ahead could unfold. First, the less obvious, more likely path.

This dharna business goes nowhere. A new chief is appointed. The kerfuffle of the last couple of weeks is quickly forgotten.

And Nawaz emerges the strongest PM since possibly ZAB and certainly since the heavy-mandate ’90s version of himself.

So the more likely path in the weeks ahead is the less obvious one, one that leaves Nawaz the most powerful PM since his heavy-mandate self of 1997.

It’s not hard to see why that’s the less obvious, more likely path ahead.

Start with Imran’s latest gamble, the Islamabad lockdown. You can see what he’s going for: made-for-TV road and public office closures; clashes with the police; and spiralling pressure on the government.

But you can already sense Imran is struggling.

To begin with, the PTI isn’t founded in street protests and militant cadres. Shutting down cities is against the ethos of the party and there is unease in large, important sections of the party.

That’s not necessarily a deal-breaker, though, and you can drag your party against its will if you have something else on your side: TV.

On TV, minor clashes can be blown up to seem like a major incident; sparse crowds can be manipulated to seem much bigger; thundering statements can be projected as a real crisis. On TV, minor success can transform into systemic threat.

But much as the heavily politicised and commercialised realm of TV would love a street fight and a clash of political heavyweights, the lockdown poses a problem: TV can’t be seen supporting a fight between politicians at the cost of the people.

So for every politician holding forth on corruption on TV, you’ll see several ordinary citizens unable to get to work. And for every protester you’ll see, you’ll also have several irate parents, patients and commuters lining up to scold the PTI.

TV can do many things, but it can’t side with the political elite against the everyday people. So TV won’t be able to amplify the PTI lockdown.

The combination of a divided PTI and a TV whose amplification effect will be muted means the N-League should be able to see off the protests relatively unscathed — if it can hold its nerve.

As ever, the biggest danger to the N-League may be the N-League itself.

On to the transition and the rage of the boys. Seventeen days of tumultuous civ-mil relations and it’s relatively easy to explain two things: why such sustained, intense anger and why Nawaz isn’t necessarily imperilled by it.

The anger is straightforward enough: a chief on his way out, the most popular in a generation, has been politically blindsided in his last days, a triumphant exit potentially derailed.

But the imminent transition complicates and mitigates what can be wrought in revenge — even righteous revenge.

Right now, there’re at least four chaps in the succession race — a race that can only be won with the explicit nod of Nawaz himself. Much as they may feel bad for the incumbent, the ultimate prize is up for grabs and inches away.

You can bet, then, that the advice is: Sir, why don’t you let us handle this.

Translation: it’s a terrible thing that’s happened to you, but your time is up; now please don’t unduly complicate it for us.

If the implicit doesn’t see Nawaz through, he can also just announce the successor, selecting someone who has the respect of the boys, whose choice is perfectly in line with succession norms and who is apolitical, or as apolitical as they come.

The obvious choices have been bandied about for weeks.

So the more likely path in the weeks ahead is the less obvious one, one that leaves Nawaz the most powerful PM since his heavy-mandate self of 1997.

And that’s why we have to consider the more obvious, less likely path through November: Nawaz being cut down to size.

A 17-day crisis is not normal. And that despite the emphatic, obvious intransigence of the N-League that no one will be cut loose, no heads will be allowed to roll.

But what if Nawaz is forced to cut someone loose, à la Memogate?

There Zardari had been the target, but a compromise was reached in knocking out Haqqani — a compromise made possible by the fierce obsession the boys have with Haqqani and his relatively cool relationship with Zardari.

Here, there is no obvious character who meets the dual criteria of someone the boys would really like to see knocked out and who also has a cool relationship with Nawaz.

Hence the impasse.

Knocking someone out — or allowing the crisis to stretch out for a genuinely politically damaging period — may be in the interest of the current chief and the successor gaggle.

For the current chap, you can see why: it’ll be validation of having played a straight hand throughout.

For the successor gaggle, a triumphant Nawaz is not someone they can want to be faced with immediately, especially a Nawaz on a high having seen off the latest threat from his principal political rival in Punjab.

So let the crisis linger — it will necessarily hurt Nawaz. And if someone does get knocked out, all the better for the successor — he’ll assume control with it having freshly been made clear who the boss is.

Pakistan may be in a peculiar/familiar place again: because the more likely path forward is unpalatable, the less likely, more palatable path may be taken instead.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 23rd, 2016

A week to remember

The writer is a member of staff.

AT the request of the overseers of these pages, I have been asked to write about myself today — my past week or so, really.

A request categorically not because there is any restriction on writing about the week’s events, but because there may be some interest in a personal perspective.

I found myself unable to decline.

When the story landed that Thursday morning, there was already never any question about any part of it being retracted by the paper or I.

Because nothing of the reaction had been unanticipated, nothing had been left to chance before the story was put out in print.

The story had arrived fairly quickly after the fateful meeting, but it was only published on Thursday. The gap was all about verifying, double- and triple-sourcing and seeking official comment.

Nothing about the process was left to chance.

For me, and for the paper, there were only two questions that mattered. Did the meeting take place? Could I verify through multiple channels what was said?

Yes, the heart races a bit faster when you do something out of the ordinary. Yes, there is always some concern for the self.

The second part is trickier than it would appear, but it is also not as hard as it is made out to be. Stick around long enough and you get a sense of how this place works. And the place gets a sense of you.

You know the camps, you know the divisions and splits, and you know at any given time who may be interested in selling what. They exist in civ as much as they do in mil.

With a meeting like this and a story like that, you sniff around until you get a bunch of overlapping facts from camps that have no obvious reason to overlap.

Sometimes that means leaving on the cutting floor a juicy quote or significant reference — but this paper stands guard over the editing process closely.

So what landed that Thursday was something that the paper and I were already very comfortable with.

Which meant little fear of the paper buckling or me retracting.

There was one underestimation on my part. In writing the story, I was aware that a grenade was being dropped in the news cycle. It has since turned out to be a surgical strike followed by a nuclear attack.

So do I regret doing it?

Not one bit. I have worked for two editors at this paper and from each I have learned a foundational thing about the business of news and analysis in this country of ours.

Abbas Nasir, perhaps the more reckless of the two for hiring me in the first place, gave me the courage: whatever you do, remember they’ll be gone one day, you’ll still be around.

Several prime ministers, chief justices, presidents and army chiefs later, Abbas has been proved right.

Yes, the heart races a bit faster when you do something out of the ordinary. Yes, there is always some concern for the self — you’d be stupid not to be concerned in a place like this.

But if you can just somehow remember that they will be gone and you’ll still be around, courage may see you through.

The current editor has drummed in a reporter’s message, one that he himself is an exemplar of: you’re only as good as your sources.

In a place like this, that is a two-way street: in return for not exposing your sources, you get a fair reading of the land.

Not impartial — fair. You always expect spin and you can’t always disaggregate it from the facts, but if you can build enough such relationships, a verifiable and triangulated truth can emerge when necessary.

That fateful Thursday was one of those necessary days.

But it’s usually the best-laid plans that are the most monumentally disrupted. By Monday, I believed the story was about to fade and the news cycle ready to move on.

Then came the ECL decision. At that point alarm set it — for personal safety and freedom. Because before the ECL decision it had not even occurred to me that I could be put on the ECL.

Once something new, unprecedented and unexpected happens, the old rules can go out the window — and that’s where real danger lies. Because then you just don’t know if there is a new game and new rules.

It was, I think, a combination of two things that rescued me and rescued me quickly. For all the global coverage, the system here ultimately responds to local concerns. First, and immediately, this paper swung into violent and fierce action.

Second, the wider media, battered and fractured by violent convulsions of its own in recent years, mostly united — perhaps as much out of self-preservation than indignation.

To both, my sincere gratitude.

So now what?

With the end of the ECL, comes relief. But with a pledged inquiry not yet under way, the matter is far from settled. Personally, I’d like it to be over with quickly — or as quickly as official process allows.

There is acute discomfort at having become the story.

Because it makes you radioactive and because the longer this stays a story — I stay a story — the more problematic it will become to separate spin from fact in future.

Getting tagged a certain way — leaning this way or that, pro-this and anti-that — means you attract a certain kind of spin and faux-information, and are at the risk of being frozen out from access to unadulterated facts, such as they can be.

But perhaps mostly a quick resolution so that the overseers of these pages do not ask me to write about myself again.

Normal service to resume next week, I promise.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn October 16th, 2016

Interesting days again

The writer is a member of staff.

THE message has been delivered; it has been received coolly; so we’re left with two questions: why now and what next?

Let’s get down to it.

Nawaz and the N-League are wrong on militancy. They’ve been wrong since they got back Punjab in 2008 and they’ve been wrong since they captured the centre in 2013.

Either they don’t get it or they refuse to get it, but they’re not interested in a war on militancy and don’t see detoxifying society as a core part of their agenda.

But three things have changed.

The worse things have got, the more Nawaz has chafed at what he perceives as the original problem: sidelining him in foreign policy.

One, Raheel snatched foreign policy from Nawaz and screwed it up. Two, militancy became a threat to the core agenda: the N-League’s version of economic growth. And three, the boys have tried to muscle their way into Punjab.

Lost in the paeans to Raheel is a less salutary reality: he has presided over a downturn in relations with three regional countries, Afghanistan, Iran and India.

On Afghanistan, Raheel seems to have been serious and sincere, but appears to have lost the argument with his side. The Ghani opening is gone.

On Iran, Raheel decided to double down on Saudi. Because the relations are old, the bargain settled and the Saudi demands insistent. Forget an opening to Iran.

On India, Raheel kneecapped Nawaz early and has been intent on keeping India at a distance. Modi’s silliness and bluster have helped — it’s easier to scuttle what was never on the cards anyway.

Nawaz’s preference is for a path to regional stability. With China already on board, stabilising relations with Afghanistan, Iran and India would give Pakistan a normal-ish neighbourhood with steady-ish neighbour relations.

So the worse things have got, the more Nawaz has chafed at what he perceives as the original problem: sidelining him in foreign policy.

He wants back in.

Then there’s the core agenda, the economy. The policies may be flawed, but the goal is clear: steady economic growth via fixing electricity, infrastructure spending and, eventually, trade.

But that’s not compatible with a huge jihad enterprise and an Afghanistan, Iran and India that are miffed and interested in stoking trouble domestically.

So militancy has forced itself into the N-League’s core agenda.

Finally, there’s Punjab. With major military operations in Fata winding down, the boys have wanted to amp up the fight against anti-Pakistan militants in Punjab

But Punjab is all Nawaz has. Let the boys into Punjab and it could be like lowering the drawbridge to the N-League’s eventual political demise.

The only answer is to get in on the fight against militancy. Take the fight to the militants yourself, lest not fighting becomes a reason for the boys to force themselves into Punjab on their terms.

If we can guess why, we can also guess why now.

If the big picture was already converging, recent events caused an acceleration. The US, still seeing Pakistan primarily through the Afghan prism, has been annoyed.

The world has tired of jihadis. The risk of conflict with India has caused diplomatic disquiet. And a chief is set to retire in November.

Put all of that together and you have a reason to start the conversation now. The possibility of a drift towards isolation is real — so the conversation is factual.

The chap on his way out can’t push back too hard and the parameters of the conversation can be defined before the new guy comes in.

And the conversation is what the new guy in November will find the lie of land to be as he settles in. By the middle of next year, he’ll be well settled and the government turning to election mode.

Now, to what the response has been.

There hasn’t been just one meeting and one presentation. There have been several meetings and the presentation has been made to the chief too.

Initially, the response was cool and a little dismissive — we’ve got China, Saudi, Turkey, etc.

But Nawaz has been adamant and others, almost certainly at his direction, have spoken up too. Doing nothing is no longer an option, the boys have been told.

That’s triggered a game of cat and mouse. The boys have suggested that perhaps parliament should get involved — why not get a resolution against some of the groups, it has been mooted.

But the N-League has resisted the idea — the groups weren’t created with parliament’s consent, so why involve parliament now has been the answer.

The PML-N is also trying to cover its flanks. The N-League talking point being peddled most furiously: Punjab is not Karachi.

That’s as much a plea as it is an argument. The N-League knows that the conversation can quickly steer towards the party being an impediment to getting the job done.

In getting some action against some groups, the N-League doesn’t want to open the door to Punjab.

Where is it all headed?

Between now and November, there should be some more clues. Nobody thinks there’ll be a policy U-turn or that there’ll be one soon, but Nawaz is pushing for some quick actions.

If he gets them in the next few weeks, we’ll know which way the conversation is headed. If he doesn’t and political pressure suddenly appears again, paranoia may get the better of the government.

The chief too has a final few cards to play: a shuffle of senior commanders, perhaps at the ISI too, and a say in the selection of the next chief.

Interesting days are here again.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 9th, 2016

Exclusive: Act against militants or face international isolation, civilians tell military

ISLAMABAD: In a blunt, orchestrated and unprecedented warning, the civilian government has informed the military leadership of a growing international isolation of Pakistan and sought consensus on several key actions by the state.

As a result of the most recent meeting, an undisclosed one on the day of the All Parties’ Conference on Monday, at least two sets of actions have been agreed.

First, ISI DG Gen Rizwan Akhtar, accompanied by National Security Adviser Nasser Janjua, is to travel to each of the four provinces with a message for provincial apex committees and ISI sector commanders.

The message: military-led intelligence agencies are not to interfere if law enforcement acts against militant groups that are banned or until now considered off-limits for civilian action. Gen Akhtar’s inter-provincial tour has begun with a visit to Lahore.

Second, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has directed that fresh attempts be made to conclude the Pathankot investigation and restart the stalled Mumbai attacks-related trials in a Rawalpindi antiterrorism court.

Read: India links talks resumption to Pathankot probe

Those decisions, taken after an extraordinary verbal confrontation between Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif and the ISI DG, appear to indicate a high-stakes new approach by the PML-N government.

The following account is based on conversations with Dawn of individuals present in the crucial meetings this week.

All declined to speak on the record and none of the attributed statements were confirmed by the individuals mentioned.

Foreign secretary’s presentation

On Monday, on the day of the All Parties’ Conference, Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry gave a separate, exclusive presentation in the Prime Minister’s Office to a small group of civil and military officials.

The meeting was chaired by Prime Minister Sharif and included senior cabinet and provincial officials. On the military side, ISI DG Rizwan Akhtar led the representatives.

The presentation by the foreign secretary summarised the results of the recent diplomatic outreach by Pakistan, the crux being that Pakistan faces diplomatic isolation and that the government’s talking points have been met with indifference in major world capitals.

Examine: What should determine Pakistan’s foreign policy?

On the US, Mr Chaudhry said that relations have deteriorated and will likely further deteriorate because of the American demand that action be taken against the Haqqani network. On India, Mr Chaudhry stated that the completion of the Pathankot investigation and some visible action against Jaish-i-Mohammad were the principal demands.

Then, to a hushed but surprised room, Mr Chaudhry suggested that while China has reiterated its support for Pakistan, it too has indicated a preference for a change in course by Pakistan. Specifically, while Chinese authorities have conveyed their willingness to keep putting on technical hold a UN ban on Jaish-i-Mohammad leader Masood Azhar, they have questioned the logic of doing so repeatedly.

Extraordinary exchange

The foreign secretary’s unexpectedly blunt conclusions triggered an astonishing and potentially ground-shifting exchange between the ISI DG and several civilian officials.

In response to Foreign Secretary Chaudhry’s conclusions, Gen Akhtar asked what steps could be taken to prevent the drift towards isolation. Mr Chaudhry’s reply was direct and emphatic: the principal international demands are for action against Masood Azhar and the Jaish-i-Mohmmad; Hafiz Saeed and the Lashkar-e-Taiba; and the Haqqani network.

To that, Gen Akhtar offered that the government should arrest whomever it deems necessary, though it is unclear whether he was referring to particular individuals or members of banned groups generally. At that point came the stunning and unexpectedly bold intervention by Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif.

Addressing Gen Akhtar, the younger Sharif complained that whenever action has been taken against certain groups by civilian authorities, the security establishment has worked behind the scenes to set the arrested free. Astounded onlookers describe a stunned room that was immediately aware of the extraordinary, unprecedented nature of the exchange.

To defuse tensions, Prime Minister Sharif himself addressed Gen Akhtar and said that policies pursued in the past were state policies and as such they were the collective responsibility of the state and that the ISI DG was not being accused of complicity in present-day events.

PM’s strategy?

Several eyewitnesses to the incredible events of Monday believe that the foreign secretary’s presentation and Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif’s intervention were orchestrated by the prime minister to stir the military to action, leading to the decision to dispatch the ISI DG on an inter-provincial tour.

Yet, according to the accounts shared with Dawn, the sparring between the ISI DG and civilian officials did not degenerate into acrimony.

Earlier in the meeting, ISI DG Gen Akhtar stated that not only is it the military’s policy to not distinguish between militant groups, but that the military is committed to that policy prevailing. The ISI chief did mention concerns about the timing of action against several groups, citing the need to not be seen as buckling to Indian pressure or abandoning the Kashmiri people.

Gen Akhtar also readily agreed to tour the provinces at the direction of the prime minister, issue fresh orders to ISI sector commanders and meet with provincial apex committees to chalk out specific actions that need to be taken in various provinces.

According to several government officials, Monday’s confrontation was part of a high-stakes gamble by Prime Minister Sharif to try and forestall further diplomatic pressure on Pakistan. In separate meetings with the army chief, participants describe an animated and energised Mr Sharif, who has argued that Pakistan faces real isolation if policy adjustments are not made.

Government officials, however, are divided about whether Prime Minister Sharif’s gamble will pay off. According to one official, commenting on the ISI DG’s commitments, “This is what we prayed to hear all our lives. Let’s see if it happens.”

Another government official offered: “Wait till November to see if action will be taken. By then a lot of things will be settled.”

Military officials declined to comment.

Clarification:

The spok­es­­man for Prime Minister Office on Thursday denied a story appearing in Dawn on Oct 6 regarding “purported deliberations” of a meeting held on security issues. The spokesman termed contents of the story not only speculative but misleading and factually incorrect, describing it as an “amalgamation of fiction and fabrication”.

Dispelling the impression created by the report, headlined “Act against militants or face international isolation, civilians tell military”, he said that intelligence agencies, particularly the ISI, are working in line with the state policy in the best interest of the nation, both at the federal and provincial levels to act against terrorists of all hue and colour without any discrimination. Indeed the Army’s and ISI’s role and contributions towards implementation of NAP have been proactive and unwavering, the spokesman said. Meanwhile, the office of the chief minister of Punjab also denied the comments attributed to Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif in the news story.

Dismissing it as a baseless table story, he emphasised that besides his respect for the institution of the armed forces, on an individual level he also had the highest respect for the present ISI DG for his professionalism, commitment to duty and sincerity of purpose.

Published in Dawn, October 6th, 2016

Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the meeting was on Tuesday. The story has been revised to reflect that the meeting was in fact held on Monday.

Weaponising the people

The writer is a member of staff.

BROADLY speaking, there are four constituent units to this India-Pakistan business. Whether we talk peace or fight war has depended on how those four have aligned.

The four units: on the India side, the people and their government; on the Pakistani side, the state — the amalgam of civ and mil — and the people.

We don’t have peace — a stable, durable peace, ie normality — because the four have never aligned in the right way.

Where Pakistan and India may be calibrated and calculated in their state-to-state responses and dealings, they are careless with their populations. And therein lies the danger.

When leaders of both sides have wanted to talk peace, one or the other publics has remained unconvinced. When one side has had both state and society in alignment, the other side has a disconnect between its leadership and the people.

Because the four have never aligned in the right way, there has been no peace.

Conversely, and quite happily, the four have never aligned in the wrong way either. We’ve never been at a stage where both state and society in both countries have wanted all-out war, a fight to the finish.

And because the four have never aligned in the wrong way, we’re all still around to reflect on the peculiarness of our South Asian condition: not smart enough to find peace, not insane enough to fight war unrestrained.

But the past isn’t necessarily the future and if you look hard enough, there’re signs of change in how those constituent units behave. And change not in a good way.

Curiously, and contrary to present suggestions, the states are pretty much hewing to their model of sustainable conflict: don’t do anything insane and don’t try and be a hero.

Whatever you believe about who in Pakistan green-lighted Mumbai, Pathankot or Uri, you can’t believe that the purpose was to trigger war. At best it was to dissuade anyone with funny ideas of peace breaking out.

That makes sense: institutional self-preservation, internal predominance and the protection of corporate interests means that the military here can’t want war with India. Needing an enemy is different to fighting that enemy unconstrained.

Same goes for the Indian state: what it wants — becoming an economic powerhouse and a global player — necessarily means it can’t want all-out war with Pakistan. The two are mutually exclusive and in any case what the hell does India get by clobbering Pakistan, assuming it can?

But where Pakistan and India may be calibrated and calculated in their state-to-state responses and dealings, they are careless with their populations. And therein lies the danger.

Specifically, both states are being too casual about weaponising society and public opinion against the other country.

Let’s start with Pakistan. For years now, possibly since the late ’90s, there has been a mainstream political consensus: normalisation of ties with India is fundamental to our security and prosperity.

The terms on which that could work may be contested, but even Imran isn’t immune to the civilian logic on India. Hard fought and still raw, the internal political consensus is now under threat.

And you don’t have to look far for the culprit: the civil-military divide.

Not content with having won the war — Nawaz has nil influence on foreign policy and national security — there has been a case of overkill: making sure that Nawaz can’t even be in a position to make a comeback.

From RAW agents in Sharif sugar mills to conspiracies of steel-mill monopolies to the relentless linking of Nawaz to Modi, all of that has worked to put Nawaz in a position where he can’t even talk about India sensibly anymore.

The same goes for Achakzai and the few heroic voices left in society — tarred deliberately and insistently with the India brush to sabotage their appeals to the public.

Bilawal foolishly is adding to the confusion and undoing the good work of BB, while the MQM and ANP have been fatally undermined by their Indian and Afghan connections respectively.

The net effect is the possibility of an unravelling of a critical political consensus in Pakistan — that peace with India is both desirable and necessary. And that unravelling comes when the weaponisation of swathes of society, via the jihad complex and the mosque-madressah-social welfare network, is at a peak.

Don’t count on Pakistanis automatically settling for not war anymore.

Over in India, a people problem is also evident. It makes sense: a rising country is prickly about its weaknesses and determined to showcase its strengths. The wild and woolly Indian media is essentially catering to that market.

Pakistanis only notice the Pakistan-related stuff, but Indian parents arrested in Oslo by child services and an Indian diplomat arrested in New York have attracted an overwhelming and rough Indian media response.

When it comes to anything related to Pakistan, the Indian media reaction is manifold worse. You can even see how an Indian leadership may be willing to deploy public opinion as a weapon:

Look, don’t do the stuff you’re doing because our options are narrowing, India could be signalling to Pakistan by helping stoke the media flames at home.

That may even seem like a good idea to the Indian state in a world of few good options, hawkish leader at the helm or not. Suffice it to say it would leave India’s leaders with even fewer options eventually.

So, yeah, worry. Not because the states have become crazy, but because the states may have conspired to lose their own people. And with it the possibility of the four constituent units that is India-Pakistan aligning in a good way is becoming more distant.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 2nd, 2016

The India problem

The writer is a member of staff.

TRY this one for a conspiracy theory. Two months ago, on July 8 to be precise, the Indians did something stupid in the Valley: they killed Burhan Wani.

Stupid not because Pakistan says so, but because many Indians themselves did: killing a charismatic 22-year-old who had stirred up Kashmiris was a recipe for unrest.

And unrest is what India got. An own goal had been scored.

What happened next was also fairly predictable: India went into repression mode. Compounding the original error, it used disproportionate violence against civilians and made a mess of things there.

Curfew was imposed. The state of India was sucked back into a familiar cycle of repression and violence in held Kashmir. The people wouldn’t back down; the state wouldn’t relent.

All right, but where’s the conspiracy theory, you’re wondering.

The state of India had an advantage that the people of Kashmir didn’t: much of India didn’t care about the violence and the outside world sure as heck didn’t — contrary to what we were being told here in Pakistan.

Sure, the human rights lot and the Kashmiri diaspora had shone a light on abuse and repression by Indian security forces and that had started to attract international media attention at the fringes, but it was nothing remotely alarming for India.

If Uri was not done by non-state Pakistani militants, then India has managed an even more spectacular own goal.

As for Pakistan’s efforts to internationalise the issue, the derision with which the parliamentary junkets to foreign capitals was met with pretty much summed up the effort: desultory, weak and embarrassing.

Now, look away if you’re easily disorientated by theories other than what the state propagates.

Two months of unrest in reaction to Indian repression had created a dilemma for the anti-India non-states here.

India was getting away with murder, literally, and India wasn’t being forced to pay. Violence in response to violence is the non-states raison d’être.

What the hell kind of jihadi outfit are you if you don’t act when India is on the rampage against Kashmiris?

And violence by the Indian state is also a recruiting tool, especially if you can amp up the outrage here in Pakistan at Indian atrocities against Kashmiris.

Plus, the world’s attention needed to be focused and there’s only one way for the world’s attention to focus on Pakistan and India: the threat of war.

Put all of that together and you have the makings of a spectacular attack.

Like, y’know, Uri.

That’s madness, you’re thinking. A two-bit conspiracy theory. What the hell was the advantage to Pakistan?

Even well-meaning folk here have had trouble dig­esting the possibility. But then they also have long had trouble digesting the value of non-states to begin with.

There is, of course, a straightforward way to separate conspiracy from fact. The Uri attackers were either Pakistani or they were not.

India has the bodies and those bodies are tied to families, handlers and networks that exist either here or over there. Identification is not only possible it is inevitable.

And you can bet the Indian and Pakistani intelligence apparatuses — and probably of a handful of other countries — already know the attackers’ identities.

Attacks and their aftermath usually unleash a torrent of intelligence that is impossible to miss.

Handlers have to coordinate. The families have to mourn their dead. The networks have to eulogise the act. Fellow jihadis have to dissect the operation and marvel at their brethren’s bravery and success.

If Uri was not done by Pakistanis, then India has managed an even more spectacular own goal. It would mean a new generation of armed and trained insurgents to contend with.

And it would mean that India’s raging against Pakistan has drawn the world’s attention, however briefly, towards what India is doing to Kashmiris.

But if Uri was done by Pakistani non-states…

In truth, it would be more depressing than frightening. Not frightening in a peculiar Pak-India sense because already we’ve shown that we can get away with it.

Because what, really, can India do about it? A rageful India can threaten war, but that only brings the outside world rushing in to counsel peace.

Plus, in a hard-nosed way, would India go to war with Pakistan — a Pakistan with an explicitly lowered nuclear threshold — over a handful of dead soldiers and citizens?

As India rises, a two-and-a-half-trillion dollar economy paired with global ambitions, its pain threshold will also rise — what is worth losing all of that over will become progressively higher in the next decade or so.

And if India does decide to double-down on stirring up mischief inside Pakistan, nothing like it. Few things would enthuse the boys here more than hunting down some India-lovers doing harm to the homeland.

The counterterrorism infrastructure is anyway in full-blown expansion mode because of the fight against the anti-Pak militants. And an endless war would extend the boys’ internal predominance.

So not really that frightening in the peculiar way that is India-Pak.

But depressing because of the circularity of it all. A security state with an insecure worldview. An India obsession that is fed by India’s own antics.

A Kashmir dispute that we refuse to be pragmatic about and which India gives us a reason to not be pragmatic about.

A democratic transition too weak for the civilians to influence foreign policy or national security, but weak enough to not invite a military takeover that could place a peace-making general at the helm.

So, yeah, God bless the Kashmiris. Fire and brimstone on the Indians. But feel sorrow for Pakistan and Pakistanis — you and me, the regular folk.

Conspiracy theories or facts, all we have is the knowledge that, either way, we get hurt.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn September 25th, 2016

Wresting back space

The writer is a member of staff.

OFF he’s headed to the UN again, with talking points that aren’t his and an agenda he’d rather not have.

Thwarted by Modi? Sure. Stymied by Pathankot? Definitely.

But let’s not kid around: Nawaz’s foreign policy agenda was derailed early and comprehensively.

We know most of the story of how the PM with a historic mandate and an ambitious regional agenda was quickly reduced to inaugurator-in-chief of bits and pieces of road and electricity.

He went after Musharraf instead of going all in for a trade deal with India. He tried to do business with Karzai when the boys here were already looking past Karzai towards the next administration.

And as relations with the US were on the mend, Nawaz was more keen to sell himself as pro-West, or at least not anti-West, than to get in on the action.

Some blame the dharna, but privately the N-League will admit that the dharna made possible what was likely anyway.

And in terms of ceding space, nothing has come close to Nawaz’s disastrous gamble on resisting a fight against the TTP.

The boys may have made this bed, but Nawaz all too willingly lay in it.

Question is, what now?

The calendar looks something like this. Everything is on hold until the US elections in November; new president comes in Jan.

The good news, for Nawaz anyway, is that electorally he’s in the same position he was five years ago.

In Afghanistan, fighting season is winding down, giving us until spring next year, when the results of the next round of diplomacy will be judged.

Over in India, Modi and co look like they’ve got a fair bit of bluster and huffing left in them. All of that adds up to somewhere around mid-2017.

That’s final year for Nawaz here in Pakistan. Fifth year is uncharted territory, but you can bet nothing big will happen, at least not by design. Elections will dominate.

The good news, for Nawaz anyway, is that electorally he’s in the same position he was five years ago.

Five years ago, 2013 was Nawaz’s to lose — the PPP was too battered and Imran too disorganised.

Five years later, 2018 is also Nawaz’s to lose — Imran is still too disorganised and the PPP has self-immolated.

In the two years from now to 2018, Nawaz will have two internal, civ-mil choices to make. The more eye-catching/less important one will come in November: selecting the next chief.

The more important/less headline-grabbing choice will be whether to continue what we can call Nawaz’s Old Man and the Sea-routine: give the boys as much string as they want until they exhaust themselves or, more likely, tie themselves up in knots over their foreign policy/national security choices.

At that point, inaugurator-in-chief could step back up, boosted by successive election wins and a track record of domestic delivery to wrest back some foreign policy space.

Another dharna or another Pathankot may be less effective then.

Of course, anything that sounds that good is unlikely to be true, especially if you’re a civilian.

Nawaz is more likely to be pulled into the sea than reel in the boys if his strategy rests on hoping the boys make a pig’s ear of their foreign policy dominance.

But there may be a path to recovery, ie wresting back some foreign policy space, and it will have to combine the domestic with the foreign.

The domestic centres on Nawaz setting right his catastrophic misreading of the fight against militancy and finding convergences with the boys in Punjab.

It may not be obvious, but perhaps nothing has hurt Nawaz more than still living in the ’90s when it comes to militancy.

He and the younger Sharif are still fighting yesterday’s battles, headlined by LJ and their sectarian spawn.

If, somehow, he can update his worldview and figure out that Punjab is much more than just encroachment by the boys on PML-N turf, the fight against militancy can become a point of convergence, not acute disagreement.

But that would only change him from being on the defensive to a neutral position overall — getting a modicum of foreign-policy control will mean needing to find allies abroad.

Modi seems to like him, but for now has judged that he’s ineffective. So Nawaz may have to look elsewhere.

Xi, the Chinese president, was a potential ally and his pet CPEC the obvious route to closeness, but the Nawaz-Xi relationship has been cool.

The cooling can be traced back to the delayed Chinese presidential trip in the middle of the dharna — look how often Nawaz lambastes Imran for that.

The Saudis, a complicated ally in any case, have been unusually cool. Perhaps it was Yemen, but it seems something more given their warmth towards Raheel.

Besides, next time round, Nawaz will need more than a billion and a half of hard dollars to look like he’s back in the foreign-policy mix.

The Saudis don’t look like they have that kind of money right now.

It may come down to the US. If Clinton wins, chances are her hawkish ways will refocus American attention on Afghanistan.

That could be an opportunity, but it would also be a risk — security-minded American principals tend to get business done with the boys.

Put all of that together, with a narrow path abroad and a stubbornness on domestic militancy, and Nawaz may be tempted to go for the worst of all options: pin all his hopes on selecting a pliable next army chief.

Raheel was Nawaz’s choice because Raheel was the least political and most likely to stay in his lane from the last cohort.

Look where that got Nawaz.

Wresting back space from the next guy will mean figuring out first what went wrong with the current chap.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn September 18th, 2016

A winning strategy?

The writer is a member of staff.

ELECTIONS, elections, elections. Everyone’s talking about them, no one is expecting them; most of the smart money is on 2018. But savvier minds are turning to something else: can the PTI win and what would a winning strategy look like?

There is one, a mix of what Imran and PTI are already doing and a great deal of what they aren’t. But it’s wrapped in a puzzle: when his rivals can see a path to victory for him, why isn’t Imran taking it?

Let’s start with what Imran is doing right: battering the N-League and reminding Punjab that it’s been pretty much ruled non-stop for three decades by Sharifs who have grown their wealth immeasurably in the same period.

That has a twin potential electoral benefit. It stops Nawaz from becoming mythical, an untouchable colossus, and it elevates Imran — because he’s the one doing the attacking — to Nawaz’s equal.

Imran’s relentless attacks have kept Nawaz in electoral range. Oye Nawaz, indeed.

Then there’re the bits Imran is doing semi-right. Key among them: he’s gradually positioned the PTI as the default anti-PML-N option in Punjab. The demise of the PPP and the crumbling of the PML-Q have helped the process along — Punjab is effectively a battle between the N-League and PTI.

What Imran has done right here, in an electoral sense anyway, is to adjust to the old way of politics instead of forcing the PPP and PML-Q candidate and voter into a PTI straitjacket of so-called clean politics. It is basically a strategy of electables and it is dangerous for the PML-N because of the way Punjab works.

The PTI has made no effort to pull together the strands of a potentially winning coalition of voters against the PML-N.

Nowhere, barring maybe a couple of seats in Lahore, does the PML-N face zero opposition in Punjab. There’s always a political family and non-PML-N vote bank in every constituency, even where the N-League has hefty leads.

Bringing all of that together under an anti-PML-N umbrella can boost its potency: where the PPP, PML-Q and anti-N-League candidates and voters have become individually hopeless, together they could be in a position to challenge the PML-N.

Battering the PML-N and positioning the PTI as the default anti-PML-N option make good electoral sense. The problem for the PTI is that pretty much is where the good news ends.

For some, as yet inexplicable reason, the PTI has made no effort to pull together the strands of a potentially winning coalition of voters against the PML-N. The voters exist, they can be seen by the PML-N itself and allies of the PTI too, but Imran has baulked at assembling them together.

It comes down to three basic constituencies. Three constituencies that are all to some degree or the other unhappy with the PML-N and may be looking to switch, each for reasons of their own: farmers, exporters and traders.

Start with the most talked about lot: farmers. Whether it’s because of depressed commodity prices, spiky input prices, plain old bad government policies or a combination of all three, farmers are unhappy.

And when farmers are unhappy, they tend to turn their ire on the government of the day — either to pressure it into giving more handouts to agriculture or with the intention of punishing it electorally.

The bad thing for a government facing agrarian anger is that farmers tend to vote, are organised at the constituency level and react to a few, narrow set of factors — factors working against the PML-N this term.

A smarter Imran would be out there campaigning in rural Punjab. But he isn’t.

Next, the exporters. Behind those shrinking exports lie tales of real pain: small businesses shuttering; the big boys, with their capital-intensive production, consolidating; and jobs being lost.

Up and down central and northern Punjab, the stories are grim and economic toll real. As Imran concentrates on Lahore, Punjab’s small big cities are hurting: Kasur, Faisalabad, Sheikhupura, Gujranwala, Sialkot.

Imran is wasting his time in Lahore and Islamabad. A smarter Imran would be out there campaigning in the export hubs, in industrial Punjab. But he isn’t.

Finally, there’re the traders and small businesses. To keep the deficit down while driving up spending, the government has had to resort to heavy taxation.

But instead of the hard, economically sound way the government has taken the easy, economically damaging way: relying on a spate of taxation measures that are linked to turnover and consumption, not actual incomes.

The withholding tax on banking transactions exemplifies the problem. Instead of a documentation measure, it’s become a revenue-generation measure. Hence, even if you’re a filer you still pay withholding tax and God help you if you try to recover it at year-end from the taxman.

Elsewhere, stories abound about an FBR run amok — in fantastical cases, about money being directly siphoned off from private bank accounts. The holders remain quiet because they don’t want further trouble.

All of that adds up to real drama and simmering anger. The pro-business PML-N has assembled a record of an anti-business, tax-and-spend party this term.

A smarter Imran would be out there, gathering up the trader/small business vote bank, preaching the PTI’s business philosophy and policy blueprint, and promising to do better. But he isn’t.

Can the PTI win? Yes. What would a winning strategy look like? It’s in plain sight:

Batter the Sharifs; position the PTI as the default anti-PML-N option; and woo the three major constituencies — farmers, exporters and traders/small businesses — that have reason to look beyond the PML-N.

But it isn’t happening. And no one really knows why. Maybe not even Imran.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn September 11th, 2016

Beneath the froth

The writer is a member of staff.

THINK of it as one of those frothy desserts or fluffy cakes so beloved of Pakistanis. There’s a lot happening on top, a semi-stable middle and then the real meat at the bottom. All held together very precariously.

So let’s dive right in.

The competing Imran and Nawaz roadshows have been fine-tuned to perfection. When Imran is running around the country banging on about corruption, Nawaz swings into action, inaugurating every bit of road and megawatt of electricity the N-League can find him.

Whether it’s entertaining, boring or confounding depends on if you like Nawaz or Imran or if you prefer neither. What it is, though, is an obvious filler between now and the main show in 2018.

A little bit of political maths can help explain why.

Five months from Panama and less than two years from the next election, we’ve hit that weird spot where the PTI may be hurt more by an election now than the PML-N.

Because five months from Panama is too long a time for outrage to be fresh, for the swing voter to get worked up over a scandal that has lingered but never quite served up political devastation.

Why are Nawaz and Imran both out there right now acting like their political lives depend on it?

What is an offshore company, who had apartments where and when, why are we supposed to be angry, it’s all gone a bit fuzzy again. Sure, we know that Nawaz is Mr Moneybags, but that was always part of his appeal, a son of soil who had made good the Pakistani way.

No smoking gun, no mass outrage, no ouster. It’s pretty straightforward.

But there’s more. Not only is too late for the PTI to make Panama a big deal again, it’s just the wrong moment in the election cycle to force the issue.

Think about it this way. Panama is pretty much dead as a watershed, corruption hasn’t gained the traction Imran had hoped for — there’s only one way for the PTI to force the issue: be aggressive to the point that the N-League is forced into an overreaction.

Firstly, so what? The military is already in transition mode and you can’t see it picking sides until a new chief has settled into his job. If anything, the N-League has a chance to rough up the PTI without having to worry too much about what the boys will do.

Secondly, if the PTI somehow does succeed in forcing an election just now, the PML-N may end up thanking it. Because right now we’re on an electoral cusp: everything the N-League has promised is to come to fruition in 2018 and right now the jury is still out.

Maybe the PML-N will get electricity sorted out by 2018, keep inflation low and eke out just enough growth through infrastructure spending and fiscal outlays to make the voter in Punjab think the N-League deserves another five years. Or maybe 2018 will arrive and all the N-League will have are excuses.

An election now would mean we’ll never know and would give the N-League a neat little campaign: look, we were hitting our stride, projects were mushrooming and things were looking up, but the anti-development, anti-Pakistan lot has set us all back. Don’t vote them in!

So, why are Nawaz and Imran both out there right now acting like their political lives depend on it? Because, in addition to the usual playacting, they’re competing for something else: a potentially new kind of voter, especially in Punjab.

Between the old rural lot and the settled urbanised populace is the real political crapshoot: areas that are neither quite rural nor fully urban yet. Villages turning into towns, towns turning into cities, big cities spreading outwards.

Because this is Pakistan and numbers are hard to come by and statistics difficult to trust, the scale of what is happening can’t be known for sure. There is also the reality of chunks of the private sector hurting and few new job-growth sectors emerging.

But you can guess that a few years of stability and big-bucks spending by the government is having an effect and perhaps even more than cancelling out the private-sector lag.

The effect is already visible in TV: most of the icky stuff masquerading as news is catering to small-market demand, where folk watch news channels obsessively and have an evolving sense of what they want and what they’ll watch.

The neither rural/not quite urban segment is also up for grabs politically. And the PML-N and PTI are making opposite bets.

The PML-N seems to believe that the rural influence will dominate, that the folk they’re targeting through TV and social will be impressed by visible development — roads, infrastructure and the like.

The PTI is hoping that the urbanising impetus will surge and that this new cohort will put a premium on aspirational things like clean government and corruption-free politics.

Where the old rural and settled urban have already made their preferences known and there’s little point in targeting them so far out from an election, the neither rural/not quite urban lot have the interest and passion of newcomers.

So it makes sense for Imran to stay out there even if an election just now can’t — and it really can’t — be his preference. And when Imran is out there, Nawaz has to follow: not because he’s afraid of Imran snatching PML-N votes, but because he has to compete for new ones.

A lot of froth, a semi-stable middle and then the real meat — Pakistani politics and our favoured desserts sometimes have more in common that any of us can like.

The writer is a member of staff.

Twitter: @cyalm

cyril.a@gmail.com

Published in Dawn September 4th, 2016

The Karachi mystery

The writer is a member of staff.

THREE years and several Altaf tirades later, the Karachi operation is a mystery in plain sight. Because strip away the coyness and hyperbole and we’re left with two questions.

Here’s what we do know: there are two basic goals in Karachi, one legitimate, the other not. The legitimate goal is to shut down the MQM’s militant wing. The not-so-legitimate aim is to separate Altaf from the MQM.

Each has a question, or perhaps a contradiction, at its heart.

Let’s start with the illegitimate goal: cleaving apart Altaf and the MQM and reconstituting the party as an acceptable political force in the city.

Whether it’s the existing MQM sans Altaf or a separate party of breakaways with that abomination, the PSP, folded into it doesn’t really matter. What matters is the myth that the strategy is predicated on, that there are two MQMs: one political and the other militant.

The political wing is supposed to be the white-collar guys, the project that saw its peak a decade ago when Mustafa Kamal was pouring concrete all over Karachi and the party was trying to break out of its ethnic shackles nationally.

The militant wing is supposed to be, well, militant and reports directly to Altaf. While the political wing practises politics, the militant wing enforces disciplines within the party and practises a violent kind of politics outside it.

Never are the twain supposed to meet and the bifurcation was at a visible peak when the political types gathered at Imran Farooq’s house in Karachi after his assassination.

Genuine tears were shed that night, but perhaps for reasons in addition to mourning a colleague — it was sinking in that not only could Altaf get any of them anywhere, but that he was insane enough to do it anywhere, even London.

It’s almost as if the boys don’t want to dismantle the militant apparatus as quickly as Karachi would like them to. But why?

Yet, in the three years since the Karachi operation began, a messy, and different, kind of story has emerged: the wall between the political and militants wings was never as strong as imagined, and perhaps had ceased to exist altogether.

Sift through the investigation reports and charges brought against the MQM’s militants since the operation began and there’s a recurring theme: the political lot, the ones we’re used to seeing on TV and in the assemblies, is regularly fingered.

They’re all there, sometimes threatening violence, sometimes sitting in while violence is being planned, sometimes indulging in it themselves. Whether bit players or front-line ones in any given incident, they’re always present, always participating and fully aware.

While little of it may stand up in court and the political lot will claim it’s being done to arm-twist them, the stories are so many, the details so vivid, the recollections so precise that it has to be asked: are there really two MQMs or is there just one?

That matters terribly because a fused political and militant wing calls into question the basic strategy of an MQM minus Altaf. If the political and militant wings really are fused together, then it’s a fool’s errand to try and separate the two.

And if the political and militant wings really are fused together, then what kind of hell is Karachi being set up for for another generation with an MQM minus Altaf to rule over it?

On to the legitimate goal: dismantling the militant set-up, ie the chaps who pull the trigger. The MQM isn’t Al Qaeda or IS. There are no franchises, freelancers or hangers-on. The militant faction is a monolith, fiercely disciplined and rigidly controlled.

That’s what allowed violence in Karachi to work like a spigot: on and off instantaneously and as desired. So, the question: why the hell has it taken three years and the militant wing has still not been shut down?

In the beginning, the argument was that many had scrambled and escaped abroad or to other parts of the country. Then, the argument was that the fusion between the political and militant factions made intelligence-gathering more difficult than had been anticipated.

But neither of that adds up. Aside from the human rights lot, there’s no real resistance to whatever is being done to get the MQM’s militants. The boys pretty much have carte blanche.

And yet there’s a maddening kind of calibration evident in the mission to shut down the militant cells. It mostly stays at a trickle with sudden spurts of action — like this week — but it never hits full throttle and sure doesn’t stay there.

It’s almost as if the boys don’t want to dismantle the militant apparatus as quickly as Karachi would like them to. But why?

A never-ending operation elicits the obvious conspiracy theories. What is obvious is that once — if — victory is declared against the MQM’s militants, the politicians will begin to roll back the boys’ special powers.

Powers that the boys don’t want to lose because there is a target beyond the MQM — perhaps one Asif Ali Zardari himself?

Amidst the nonsense of a revamped PPP in Sindh and the party apparently having grown a conscience, there has been one constant: Asif is not in Pakistan and the boys won’t let him come back.

He’s been as sly and fox-like as only he can be, but he’s also having to play his cards at a furious rate, making whatever concessions he can to try and get the boys to relent on him coming back to Pakistan.

Between the cat-and-mouse game of Asif and the boys and the boys’ seeming inability to eliminate the MQM militants may lie the only straight line that matters: finish off the militants quickly and the boys may lose their chance to get Asif.

All is never as it seems in luckless Karachi.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 28th, 2016

Sustainable conflict

The writer is a member of staff.

THE biggest lie is that it’s not sustainable. India-Pakistan. The bickering, the squabbling — and, occasionally, the fighting.

At some point, if we don’t mend our collective ways, the whole exercise will collapse in on itself, with uncertain but devastating consequences for all of us.

Or so goes conventional wisdom.

But we live in the realm of the unconventional. Zoom out from the latest India-Pakistan kerfuffle and little of the broader dynamic seems imminently unsustainable.

Go big, go small, whatever the issue, there’s a strange kind of durability to the competition-conflict that is India-Pakistan.

Take Kashmir. The Indians may not know how to deal with the chunk under their control, but there’s no real international cost to India — because the world doesn’t care.

Kashmir, Tibet, Chechnya — it’s just how the world works: some of the ugly stuff done by the big boys gets ignored. Like we do with China and the Uighurs.

As for the jihad problem, a return to the ’90s is unlikely. Back then the LoC was relatively porous and India didn’t really know what it was dealing with locally. But India has learned. The LoC is not impenetrable, but it’s pretty close. Gone are the days of mass infiltration.

We live in the realm of the unconventional. Zoom out from the latest India-Pakistan kerfuffle and little of the broader dynamic seems imminently unsustainable.

As for indigenous violence, this Burhan Wani episode pretty much says it all: when it comes to armed resistance, the Indian state is down to dealing with a few kids with guns.

And them the smothering, suffocating Indian intel/security apparatus can hunt down when needed.

Verdict: stalemate.

Or take military conflict. India pulling away from Pakistan economically was supposed to be terribly destabilising.

A conventional-war-machine gap would grow to the point of a new nightmare: overconfident India could get funny ideas about militarily dominating us causing us to contemplate doing something reckless and wild pre-emptively.

But we short-circuited that by lowering the nuclear threshold: any grand new ideas India gets militarily will simply be neutralised by pocket-sized nukes, long-range missiles or sheer numbers in the middle range.

So no ruinous arms race that we could never have afforded. Lowering the nuclear threshold has also had two other effects.

It means the outside world has greater incentive than ever to manage tensions between India and us. And it has, perversely, opened the door to more sub-conventional conflict.

When you know that any military conflict will be a nuclear one — because of the lower nuclear threshold we’ve introduced — your tolerance for acts of sabotage and terrorism goes up.

So say there’s another Mumbai/Pathankot/whatever — India can’t immediately threaten war because that would be suicide.

Or if India messes around aggressively in Balochistan or Karachi or wherever, we can’t very well threaten war in response — because our war calculus is rooted in the lower nuclear threshold of the smaller state/military.

Verdict: stalemate.

Or take Afghanistan. The Indians may be deepening their ties with the Afghan state, but the Taliban aren’t exactly going anywhere.

Encirclement by India is a paranoia here, but you can’t get encircled when you’re on opposite sides of a war that neither side looks like it can win.

India-Pak competition in Afghanistan may heat up, but the strategic picture is a messy kind of stable.

A de facto survival guarantee for the Afghan state by the foreign-troops backstop until 2020 and no chance the Taliban will be militarily defeated before.

Verdict: stalemate.

Or take terrorism. The fear is rather straightforward: the anti-India jihad complex has grown so vast that it is no longer fully under control and it may get ideas of its own.

And you can only keep it muzzled so long: you can’t very well be a proper jihad outfit if you aren’t actually engaged in jihad.

The jihadi tail wagging the Pakistan dog, then.

Except Pathankot has already happened and with it seemingly established a stable seven-eight year cycle: 2001 — the parliament attack; 2008 — Mumbai; and 2016 — Pathankot.

Plus, the jihad complex’s potential recruitment woes have been taken care of nicely by Modi and his cohorts’ right-wing antics and, of course, this summer’s violence by India in Kashmir.

There’s more. The threat that a proliferating jihad network poses to the state here is real — but the state’s capacity to deal with rogue outfits has been boosted by all the stuff it’s been doing against the TTP.

And if India does decide to reciprocate on the terrorism stuff, the long fight against the TTP has inured the public to violence — bombings and attacks won’t exactly put pressure on the state to wrap up the anti-India jihad complex.

If anything, India dabbling in the terrorism stuff will harden public opinion here and make it all the easier for us to hang on to the anti-India non-states.

Verdict: stalemate.

Or take the civil-military divide on India. We know what the boys think and we know where the civilians stand.

For anything to change either the military will have to change or the civilians will have to change the military.

The military could change itself on India — but that’s only been remotely plausible when the military is running the country. Except the boys seem to have ruled out a coup.

And because they’ve ruled out a coup, they need to manage the civilians — meaning they need to make sure the civilians don’t grow too strong.

But until the civilians grow strong they don’t have a prayer of changing the military on India. A circularity from hell.

Verdict: stalemate.

Scarier than the Pak-India dynamic not being sustainable is that it may actually be sustainable.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 21st, 2016

Narrative contradictions

The writer is a member of staff.

SIXTY-NINE today. Happy birthday to you, me and everyone else who lives here — and to everyone who wishes this land well.

Now, turn away if you’re not up for some unpleasantness.

It’s been a nasty week. The bombing, the aftermath, the wild accusations, the ugly recriminations — our collective nightmare has been the terrorists’ dream.

None of it is easy to make sense of.

Not the target — as if a bunch of lawyers from Quetta were about to shake things up there or anywhere — nor the reactions.

The boys had an insta-narrative: the Afghans and the Indians have teamed up under Americans to disrupt our convergence with China and derail CPEC.

To push back against the broader political purpose of the boys’ narrative, the arch-democrats end up denying even the bits that are plausible.

The arch-democrats had their own: it’s all because of the good Taliban/bad Taliban policy living on; if that distinction had been buried, Quetta wouldn’t be burying so many of its dead.

Neither really made sense.

Good Taliban/bad Taliban doesn’t have much to do with the Quetta carnage. The only ones who’ve come forward so far to claim Quetta are a known TTP splinter and the IS shadow.

Which one of those are the good Taliban, protected by the boys?

In their eagerness to score a broader political point, the arch-democrats missed a narrower attack: why, it should have been asked, are the boys so poor at even fighting the bad Taliban?

TTP splinters, IS — these are the enemies the boys have vowed to crush, against whom the boys have carte blanche. But the avowed enemy seems to have only scattered and morphed.

The failure is therefore prior to, and bigger than, the problem of supporting the good Taliban — we don’t even know how to sort out the bad Taliban not supported by the good Taliban.

The arch-democrats stumbled elsewhere too.

Back to the boys’ claim that the Indians and the Afghans have teamed up under American guidance to disrupt our convergence with China and derail CPEC.

It’s a clever story because it does what the boys do best: combine elements of the truth with a whole lot of duplicity. Kernels of truth wrapped in layers of doublespeak.

But this is what the arch-democrats get wrong: to push back against the broader political purpose of the boys’ narrative, they end up denying even the bits that are plausible.

The instant rejection of any Indian complicity in violence inside Pakistan is as political as the opposite inclination to always blame India for everything.

Several things in recent years have not made sense when it comes to India.

Why, for example, did the Indians keep their links with MQM until recently? No one seriously doubts the accusations anymore. But what were the Indians hoping to achieve?

Back in the day, back in the ’90s, when the MQM went scurrying over to the Indians, it made sense for the Indians to embrace them — why look a gift horse in the mouth?

What though of the recent past? What plausible need do the Indians have of the MQM in Karachi? Unless — destabilisation?

Some of the spells of violence have been curious too.

The stuff happening in KP, and especially Peshawar, right after Imran’s PTI assumed power in 2013 was strange.

Imran was the TTP’s best friend. He was the one political force that could buy them time and space.

From any perspective, it made sense to give him time to find his feet and establish himself as a righteous champion against military operations and for dialogue.

Instead, the PTI’s fledgling government was battered by a wave of attacks that were so wanton and grotesque that Imran became his caricature, Taliban Khan.

Even now, it’s hard to see what advantage the TTP got from that wave or why they’d deliberately destroy their greatest ally.

Unless it was also someone else? Unless — destabilisation?

But then we have the boys and their stories. And what stories they are.

You can see the advantage they get from the story of an India-Afghan-US nexus against CPEC-China and us: the bigger the enemy, the fewer the questions about why true success has been so elusive.

Yet, if they want to play that game, it’s not very difficult to ask the big, hard questions of them in turn.

We were on the winning side of the Cold War, India on the losing side. Yet, somehow India has emerged the winner and us the losers.

How in God’s name do you go from being on the winning side of the biggest contest of the 20th century to being on the losing side before the 21st gets fully under way?

It would, it seems, take a special kind of incompetence.

Or take the more recent past. Before the rise of this purported Afghan-India-US nexus, we had a decade of the Americans being quasi-dependent on us to fight their war in Afghanistan.

How the hell did we not only screw up trying to keep the US onside, but apparently, in the boys’ own telling, push our greatest enemy, the world’s only superpower and our messy neighbour to the west closer together?

What special kind of insanity is that?

Or, instead of positioning ourselves as interlocutors in an emerging superpower competition between the US and China, how the devil have we apparently turned our own backyard into a battleground of an alleged proxy war between the two?

Which part of that is not wanton suicidalism?

We’re not the easiest place to make sense of at the best of times; at the worst, you have to question our collective sanity. Here’s to a different next sixty-nine.

Happy birthday, Pakistan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 14th, 2016

The eternal bridesmaid

The writer is a member of staff.

THE good news: he’s in second place. The bad news: he’s in second place. Imran Khan. The man who would be prime minister. The face that has launched a thousand dharnas.

The eternal bridesmaid.

At this point, there’s not much left to say. Everyone knows what he wants and everyone knows how desperately he wants it.

Love it, hate it, seethe at it, be thrilled by it — whichever side of the fence you’re on, you know exactly what he wants and you already know what you make of it.

The man who would rule.

But here’s the thing: he’s quite rubbish at it. End of the day, politics is about winning. The top job. Numero uno. Becoming prime minister.

The problem is that that Khan doesn’t know how to become prime minister. And it’s got tiring. Very tiring.

Even those who know their place in the pecking order hanker for it. You can’t not. It’s in the DNA of a politician.

If you believe you should represent, then what greater representation, what higher aspiration than prime minister itself? So, Prime Minister Khan isn’t fundamentally the problem.

He may go on to become a historic disaster — if he ever gets there. More likely, he’ll end up in the pantheon of pygmies who have occupied the office.

So, no, Prime Minister Khan isn’t fundamentally the problem. The problem is that that Khan doesn’t know how to become prime minister.

And it’s got tiring. Very tiring.

The rabid partisan or the twisted mind may appreciate Imran’s single-mindedness. He won’t give up! His goal is noble! He’s not like the rest of them!

But, dammit, that’s not the point to this. Or it shouldn’t be.

Right now, Imran is dragging his party kicking and screaming towards another round of — what exactly? And why exactly?

Nobody seems to know. Not even in his party. Sure, there’s the pro-agitation lot, the ones who want to throw the kitchen sink at the N-League until Nawaz is dislodged.

But what’s the plan here?

Because the PTI’s got a government in KP and incumbents can assemble a crowd, it may make sense to kick off with Peshawar-Attock.

But just because Imran likes to yell at Nawaz from atop a shipping container in front of a few thousand, or even tens of thousands, of folk, that doesn’t translate into a plan.

A plan — it’s the one thing Imran never seems to have. Energy, yes. Defiance, plenty. Zeal, check. Message, maybe. Plan? Unhappily, never.

It is puzzling. Strip away morality and shrug off notions of right and wrong and you can see it for what it is: Imran has tried hard, damned hard, to win.

He aligned with the military. He’s flung open the party doors to electables. He panders to the bearded lot. He’s embraced money. He takes to the streets. He’s unconstrained by political norms.

That’s fine. You’re in the game to win. But always missing with Imran is a plausible route, a path to power — a plan.

When he aligned with the military and swept into Islamabad for his epic dharna, it was clear what was in it for the boys, but what kind of deal had Imran struck? Turns out a pretty shabby one.

When he flung open the PTI’s doors to electables it made a kind of electoral sense — but then he lets the electables and the originals savage each other and allows the enemy to coast to victory. Over and over and over again.

When he panders to the bearded lot, you can see he’s trying to capture the vote to the right of the N-League that Nawaz has moved away from — but then that alienates the core PTI chap, the anti-corruption crusader in the city.

When he embraces money you can see in it a pragmatic acceptance of modern politics — but then he opens himself up to accusations of hypocrisy by relentlessly attacking others for the same.

When he takes to the streets you can see how the possibility of mass mobilisation panics the government — but then he doesn’t invest in a party machine that can churn out the crowds.

When he speaks and acts unconstrained by political norms, you can see the non-PC stuff is lapped up by the base — but then he goes all thin-skinned when attacked in the same way and comes across as uncertain and too emotional for the job to everyone else.

None of that is stuff that can’t be fixed — if there were even a modicum of a plan. The PML-N is not invulnerable and Nawaz is hardly the inspirational sort.

But the only plan Imran ever seems to have is to become prime minister. And that’s exactly the problem.

Good or bad, right or wrong, the moral or immoral route, the thing that rankles most about Imran isn’t that he tries, but how rubbish he is at it. Every time, all the time.

The only plausible explanation left is this: Imran is a victim of the reverse Goldilocks effect. That he’s got enough support to sustain the belief that he can become PM, but not anywhere near the support he needs to actually become PM.

The reverse Goldilocks: he sees enough fervour around him to believe that passion is the only plan he needs, but minus an actual plan Imran can’t get the level of national fervour he needs to sweep into office.

The good news: Imran is in second place. The bad news: Imran is in second place.

The problem isn’t that Imran keeps trying. But politics is ultimately about winning. And Imran, the eternal bridesmaid, doesn’t seem to know what he really is: a loser.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 7th, 2016

A new chief

The writer is a member of staff.

WELL, here we are: four months to go. Four months before he stays. Four months before he goes. Four months of frenzied gossip and imagined uncertainty.

Or so we are told.

But let’s try something else, a prediction: Raheel will go home. On time and on schedule. A clean break. No fuss, no looking back.

Come November the country will have a new chief.

There’s enough reason why and some evidence is already out there, but since uncertainty is so much more fun, few want to talk about the obvious.

And nothing is more obvious than this: Raheel would destroy Raheel if Raheel were to try and cling on as Raheel.

Let’s work through it step by step. Being chief is serious business, being double chief exponentially more so.

If Raheel were to stay, he’d need a damn good reason. But the reasons are all in the opposite direction, ie towards going home, and listing them isn’t all that difficult.

Raheel is not Kayani. If there’s one thing that defines Raheel, it’s that he isn’t Kayani.

It helps that the two don’t really get along, possibly because Kayani never saw Raheel as his heir, but that’s not really it. Raheel is defined by being the anti-Kayani. And Kayani is, much as he may hate it, defined by the extension.

Retire in November and Raheel can walk away the greatest chief in a generation. Stay on and he becomes one of us or, worse, one of them: a politician.

Take the extension and Raheel becomes Kayani: the resolute, action-oriented defender of the troops and protector of the institution turned into a selfish, fame-seeking, wealth-gathering non-soldier.

Extensions thwart more than a few rivals’ dreams. Among the boys, within the institution, a chief has two constituencies he needs to be on the right side of: the rank and file and the senior lot.

Kayani managed to lose both by the end, his dithering in the fight against militancy overshadowing all the pay increases he won for the rank and file and the extension blocking the ambitions of generals who wanted to chart a different course.

Raheel won’t lose the rank and file if he clings on: they worship him and his constant touring of the front lines has built a deep reservoir of trust.

But extensions by their very nature have an unsettling effect at the very top. In theory, it’s just one man who loses out: the other chap who could have been chief.

Reality is very different. Until the last moment, right up till the announcement of the next chief, there’s usually a few generals hoping to get the nod.

While speculation centres on one or two — this time round, it’s Zubair and Nadeem — it’s usually the top five.

It’s one thing to be in the running and hoping and vying and then losing out at the very last moment. It’s another to not get a decision at all, for the previous guy to refuse to give the next guy a chance.

There’s also the knock-on effect. Say Nadeem gets the nod in November, that’s a corps command that opens up and a lateral shuffle that must occur with some vertical movement as the next lot moves up to occupy some of the slots vacated.

So, while no overt dissent will be expressed, an extension necessarily causes friction with the very people a chief must work with.

Raheel would also have the problem of placating a generation of leadership that is steeped in counter-insurgency, counterterrorism and even the mixed political-criminal stuff in Karachi.

If Musharraf was president and Kayani had political timing on his side, what’s Raheel got to justify an extension?

There’s nothing big happening. Zarb-i-Azb is a strategic consensus. There may be operational stuff to decide, but that’s hardly tenure-defining.

Karachi will continue because the gains are too popular but constantly threatened by the PPP and MQM.

The balance of power in Afghanistan won’t swing the Taliban’s way until 2020. India isn’t about to make peace with Pakistan.

The boys have taken themselves out of the business of massaging elections, so 2018 and the general election matter little.

So, what exactly would Raheel be sticking around for until 2019?

An extension would destroy him. Fuelling a lot of the extension speculation is the PML-N itself.

Behind the scenes and on background, the party has a mischievous tale to tell: the chief is seeking an extension, apparently.

It is a silly story, but with a sly purpose. The story politicises the chief, making him out to be cut from the same cloth as everyone else.

And the story masks what the PML-N really wants — that the chief take an extension.

Retire in November and Raheel can walk away the greatest chief in a generation. Stay on and he becomes one of us or, worse, one of them: a politician.

Someone willing to cut deals and turn his back on principle and ready to do what he needs to protect and project himself.

Among his military peers, he’d be a diminished man. With the public, he’d still be popular, but would have to do more nakedly populist stuff.

For the PML-N, he’d be their guy, a grateful chief willing to look the other way.

And if he did try and push on stuff, they’d be able to push back — a chief who goes back on his word once is a chief open to political attack forever.

Raheel will go, but not because he’s already promised he will go. Raheel will go because he’ll destroy himself if he tries and clings on as chief.

Come November there will be a new chief.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 31st, 2016

The big Afghan bet

WELL, there he is, back at work. Reading a report he’d rather not read. Chairing a meeting he’d rather not chair. Talking about stuff he’d rather not talk about.

An agenda long derailed.

Nawaz is still interested in foreign policy, for reasons political and strategic. Politically because he knows the world needs to know he’s not some anti-US/anti-West loon — the shelf life of civilians tainted as such being pretty short.

It’s on Afghanistan that Raheel has invested a great deal of time and energy. And it’s on Afghanistan that he’s made his big bet — twice.

Strategically because, well, he gets it: Pakistan needs to trade and do business with its neighbours. Which means India and Afghanistan — the China connection being one no one needs any convincing on. (Iran is a distant if.)

Basically, the opposite of what Nawaz has been dragged into this week.

On India, he was vetoed early enough. Then again after Pathankot. And while few would see opportunity on India right now, no one else is Nawaz: he’s just swept AJK; he’s got a line to Modi; and Modi may need to distract from the troubles in Kashmir.

Maybe only the faintest flicker of opportunity, but this is a man who made Lahore happen nine months after the nuclear tests. You can bet he’d love to have another go.

On Afghanistan, too, Nawaz was nudged aside relatively soon. The civilian line to Kabul was disrupted and now it’s all about Raheel’s vision, border management and military priorities.

And then there’s the forum itself: the National Security Committee. You’d have to search far and wide before you’d find another forum Nawaz dislikes as much.

Yet, there he was, feigning interest while the others pretended he was in charge, at least while the cameras were around.

But we don’t have to pretend.

This is Raheel’s agenda and it’s time to check in with what he’s doing.

India may have dominated the headlines after the NSC meeting, but India has not been Raheel’s primary concern, at least in the sense of where his policy energy has been directed.

On India, it’s been more of a strategic and military approach — see the long-term threats emerging from India and adjust our military response and China relationship to deal with those threats.

And, of course, keep an eye on Nawaz and make sure he doesn’t do something wild and woolly on the peace front.

It’s on Afghanistan that Raheel has invested a great deal of time and energy. And it’s on Afghanistan that he’s made his big bet — twice.

The first time he lost. And now he’s making the same bet again, with the same uncertain consequences.

Let’s start with the first time. With Karzai gone and Nawaz muscled aside, Raheel made what was a bold promise to the newly installed Ghani: we’ll deliver the Afghan Taliban to the negotiating table.

It didn’t work, but Raheel got lucky. The first time talks blew up, it was blamed on the Afghans leaking the death of Mullah Omar; the second time talks collapsed, the US drone strike that took out Mullah Mansour took all the heat.

Inside Pakistan, though, some have asked: did the boys agree with the big bet Raheel had made, that the time had come to put some distance between us and the Afghan Taliban and get them to cut a deal with the Afghan government?

The question has only been whispered because of its implication. It is an article of faith here that once the chief makes a decision, his commanders will implement it.

But in the real world there is friction when a policy is seen as unwise or hasty or not fully thought through.

Past chiefs have known this: don’t issue an order that you think will face resistance. Or, before you issue an order that may face resistance, make sure you have the people in place who will do as you command.

On Afghanistan, there has long been a suspicion that there are different camps and not all camps agree with what needs to be done. Within the ISI, between the Afghan and Pakistan desks. And across the army, too, with camps of hawks and more pragmatic sorts.

Raheel, in his first big bet on Afghanistan, became the leader of the pragmatic sorts. Now, he’s betting again by indicating that he’s willing to squeeze the space the Afghan Taliban have inside Pakistan.

It is a carefully crafted message, wrapped up in this business of border management and cross-border terrorism, and it seems more sophisticated than his first bet, which essentially relied on the ISI coaxing the Afghan Taliban.

But in directly addressing border commanders and giving them the flexibility to take on militants crossing over into Afghanistan, Raheel has unmistakeably upped the ante.

It is, however, a circuitous route and avoids answering the original question: did Raheel fail the first time he made his big Afghan bet because not everyone around him was convinced about what he was doing?

Bluntly, even if Raheel tries to improve his odds of success by using a wider set of tools to coax the Afghan Taliban this time round, has he won over the the core ISI and Afghan policymaking brain trust?

Between now and November, Raheel does have one big move left to make: a change at the top of the ISI and the installation of a new ally who is on board with Raheel’s big Afghan bet.

The chatter has been persistent and we may find out soon enough. Raheel’s agenda, his big Afghan bet, may get one big, final boost.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 24th, 2016

A hidden awakening?

WE aren’t Turkey, but we have a few things in common, especially the possibility of you-know-who staging a you-know-what. But in a week of wild chatter here, let’s take on a slightly different question: can he, even if he wanted to?

To ask the question before Turkey would have been to be dismissed as delusional. It is an article of faith that if the boys want to, the boys can. It is only because they have decided they don’t want to get rid of it that the rest of us get to keep our democratic project.

It is a further article of faith that the Turkey muddle cannot happen here — a coup, if it is to come, will only ever come from the very top. Organised, disciplined, unified, top-down. No funny business from the middle ranks.

It’s hard to imagine Nawaz pulling an Erdogan and flying back from London or taking to the streets in Lahore.

But can he, even if he wanted to?

For a while after the Musharraf ouster, it didn’t look like a coup would be possible, even if the chief wanted one. It wasn’t just the shadow of the Musharraf years, but also the rise of new, institutional impediments: the Supreme Court and the electronic media.

Then came the partial implementation of the Charter of Democracy with the cleaning up of the Constitution via the 18th Amendment. The concurrent list was abolished and power drained away from the centre.

Where once only the capture of parliament mattered, now there were five assemblies that had to be simultaneously moved against for power to be consolidated back in one man’s hands.

Overthrow had become more complicated.

But then it simplified itself again. The Supreme Court overcorrected for the hyper activism of CJ Iftikhar after he left and quickly slid back into anonymity. The electronic media, through wounds external and self-inflicted, became less of a threat.

And the provinces didn’t do much with their new powers, meaning the new system didn’t take root quickly enough to be firmly on the path to becoming an irreversible reality.

As the institutional obstacles receded, a familiar binary reasserted itself: the competent and the patriotic versus the venal and the corrupt. And once again it appeared that if the chief wanted to, he could. Like at the height of the dharna, with protesters spilling into the grounds of parliament and blood spilling on Constitution Avenue.

Raheel chose not, therefore we got to keep our democratic project. But that’s two years ago already. What if, like he was urged to this week, he and the high command decide that there is reason and need to take over?

Could he just do it? What would happen if he did?

Presumably, he wouldn’t be as amateurish as the Turkish mid-rankers have been. The ground would be prepared, a narrative spun and a chasm opened between the approval ratings of the ousted and the incoming. It would be sold as the necessary thing to do.

In response, it’s hard to imagine Nawaz pulling an Erdogan and flying back from London or taking to the streets in Lahore. And the N-League is no party of street protests, its voter seemingly the more passive kind.

But a subdued N-League supporter doesn’t mean support for the democratic process itself is subdued. The numbers actually suggest the opposite: the Pakistani electorate is the most active it has ever been in its history.

Between 1988 and 2002, turnout in general elections roughly ranged between 35 and 45 per cent. In 2008, it was 44pc nationally for parliament. An indifferent electorate is a would-be dictator’s best friend.

When more than half the voters are not voting, a dictator can plausibly argue that the average citizen is disgusted with a fake democratic system and is more interested in a system that works for the people. Numbers don’t lie. And dictators can produce results.

But then came the miracle of 2013: turnout sailed to a historic high of 55pc nationally. In Punjab, it was 60pc — a full 12 percentage points ahead of 2008.

What was not known then was if it was the Imran effect, a one-off aberration driven by frenzied competition. Three years on, we have an answer: it was not an aberration.

The local government elections ostensibly have been a litany of bad news: poorly organised, barely understood and lower voter turnouts.

But lower compared only to the historic high of 2013. Compared to the general elections of 2008 and before, the 2015 LG numbers were sky high: 46pc nationally, with Punjab crossing 60pc.

It’s possible to make too much of these numbers. Only the credulous would believe that high electoral participation would necessarily translate into citizen resistance à la Turkey.

There is also a worrying rural-urban skew in voting patterns, with significantly higher turnouts in rural areas. An apathetic urban electorate can be enough for a would-be dictator: rural protests are harder to organise and have less of a national impact.

But the numbers do mean something. At the very least, the public engagement with the democratic process is deeper and stronger than it has ever been. There is also no reason to believe 2018 will produce a dramatic downturn.

And so may be emerging a most unexpected of firewalls against the next coup, even as other institutional impediments fall away: the average voter may be coalescing into a mass that is significantly and consistently bigger than the non-voter.

You can sell acting on behalf of the people against an unrepresentative government. You can’t quite as easily sell acting on behalf of the people against the people.

We may not be Turkey, but we may have our own reason for cheer: the people are awakening.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 17th, 2016

The four who would rule

WE can’t stop the squawking and bleating and barking and squealing that’s about to come, but we sure can tell them what we think of them. So, by way of semi-catharsis, a word to the four who would rule us all.

Nawaz – Really? I mean, really? You have a damaged ticker, fine. You’re miffed some folk think you’d fake heart problems to distract from your Panama woes – fair enough.

Some of us would be annoyed if we were in your place. But someone’s gotta tell you: you’re slipping into African-dictator realm of out-of-touchness.

It’s not the special plane. It’s not the shopping around for fancy watches and luxe suits. It’s not the dining out in London. It’s all of it. All the time.

To hell with whether the pics of you wandering and shopping and eating around London are new or old, fake or real.

You’ve got a problem when there’re more grainy videos and dodgy pics of you doing rich-man stuff floating around than even the shiny, slickly produced stuff of you meeting ordinary Pakistanis.

And it never ends. You’ve already managed to botch your return, even before you’ve returned.

Try explaining to anyone – Pakistani, doctor, idiot, rich or poor – how it makes sense for the family to jet out to spend Eid with you only for the lot of you to fly back home THE DAY AFTER EID.

A gazillion interviews and questions later and you still can’t figure out the difference between a terrible answer and an OK one.

Are we only good enough to be ruled, but not posh enough to spend Eid with? You’ve got a London problem and because you have a London problem, Pakistan has a Nawaz problem.

We get it: it’s nice there. You can relax and not worry about the ISI bugging your home. You can chat with friends and strategise with your team. It’s probably nice to be relatively anonymous again.

And you’re probably happy knowing that you’re still ahead of the pack for the next election. There’s only one thing better than three-term PM: four-term PM.

But when you’re sliding towards winning an election while losing the people, you’re in that most unwise of realms: an out-of-touch winner. Pull it together, man.

Imran – oh, dear. Where to begin?

OK, let’s try this. We get it, you’ve got some loopy ideas: Taliban are misguided, Fata was milk and honey; we should hang crooked politicians and give militants a hug.

But you’re not exactly alone. Nawaz didn’t want Zarb-i-Azb and doesn’t want his Punjab disturbed. Asif and the ANP gave us Nizam-i-Adl.

Plus, it doesn’t really matter what you think about the Taliban and Fata: the boys have made their decision and you’re not going to change their minds. Small mercies, then.

But must you be so offensively ignorant?

Some loons in your KP government thought it smart to give Samiul Haq some cash. Maybe it had to do something with the PTI’s rivalry with Samiul Haq’s rival Fazlur Rehman. Maybe they just thought it a good idea.

What was definitely a wretched idea was your response when asked. You could have left it at, I don’t know why and I need more information. Or said, we need to reform madressahs and this is a part of that.

Y’know, like your freaked-out minders desperately spun afterwards and got you to say later. And that’s the problem.

Not that you have minders to attend to your mishaps. Not that you spoke your mind. BUT BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT YOU SOUND LIKE WHEN YOU SPEAK YOUR MIND.

A gazillion interviews and questions later and you still can’t figure out the difference between a terrible answer and an OK one.

There’s the stupid way and there’s the Imran way. Can we have a less of the two being the same, please?

Zardari – just because you’ve gone quiet, doesn’t mean we’ve forgotten about you, oh no.

Look, we get it. You don’t give a toss what anyone thinks. You are what you are, you’ll do what you want and the rest of us just have to suck it up. But that’s not it.

You love collecting property like Monopoly squares, you adore shiny towers and you live like a billionaire. We’ve got used to it.

But could you just act – just a teeny, tiny bit – like you’re still responsible for Sindh? Because, y’know, you are?

Yes, yes, we know that the boys have taken over Karachi and they’ve squeezed your inner circle. By all means, fight that fight.

But Sindh is not Balochistan. It’s not some godforsaken backwater. It’s got Karachi and 50 million people. And it doesn’t deserve this.

That Pathankot attack? Two of the four came from your interior Sindh. The great jihad penetration into northern Sindh may be controlled from elsewhere, but it’s happening on your watch.

Karachi? It’s about more than political murders and militant hideouts. It’s about one of the world’s largest cities imploding into a vast civic nightmare.

If you can’t bring yourself to anything right, try doing one less wrong, governance-killing thing every month. You may be surprised by the effect. Have a heart, man.

Raheel – oh, don’t act like you don’t know why you’re on this list.

Saint Raheel. The man who could be king forever, walking away from it all, right at his peak.

But here we are – again: a few months from a scheduled exit, speculation is rising, in the middle of a simmering political crisis, of decisions being reconsidered and of ways of keeping the crown.

If you could say it in Jan, say it again now: I’m going home, folk. Done. Decided. Written in stone.

Whoosh. Just like that the conspiracy bubble would disappear and we could get on with trying to become a constitutional realm.

Do the right thing, general. Look within, not at the other three.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 10th, 2016

The four who would rule

WE can’t stop the squawking and bleating and barking and squealing that’s about to come, but we sure can tell them what we think of them. So, by way of semi-catharsis, a word to the four who would rule us all.

Nawaz – Really? I mean, really? You have a damaged ticker, fine. You’re miffed some folk think you’d fake heart problems to distract from your Panama woes – fair enough.

Some of us would be annoyed if we were in your place. But someone’s gotta tell you: you’re slipping into African-dictator realm of out-of-touchness.

It’s not the special plane. It’s not the shopping around for fancy watches and luxe suits. It’s not the dining out in London. It’s all of it. All the time.

To hell with whether the pics of you wandering and shopping and eating around London are new or old, fake or real.

You’ve got a problem when there’re more grainy videos and dodgy pics of you doing rich-man stuff floating around than even the shiny, slickly produced stuff of you meeting ordinary Pakistanis.

And it never ends. You’ve already managed to botch your return, even before you’ve returned.

Try explaining to anyone – Pakistani, doctor, idiot, rich or poor – how it makes sense for the family to jet out to spend Eid with you only for the lot of you to fly back home THE DAY AFTER EID.

A gazillion interviews and questions later and you still can’t figure out the difference between a terrible answer and an OK one.

Are we only good enough to be ruled, but not posh enough to spend Eid with? You’ve got a London problem and because you have a London problem, Pakistan has a Nawaz problem.

We get it: it’s nice there. You can relax and not worry about the ISI bugging your home. You can chat with friends and strategise with your team. It’s probably nice to be relatively anonymous again.

And you’re probably happy knowing that you’re still ahead of the pack for the next election. There’s only one thing better than three-term PM: four-term PM.

But when you’re sliding towards winning an election while losing the people, you’re in that most unwise of realms: an out-of-touch winner. Pull it together, man.

Imran – oh, dear. Where to begin?

OK, let’s try this. We get it, you’ve got some loopy ideas: Taliban are misguided, Fata was milk and honey; we should hang crooked politicians and give militants a hug.

But you’re not exactly alone. Nawaz didn’t want Zarb-i-Azb and doesn’t want his Punjab disturbed. Asif and the ANP gave us Nizam-i-Adl.

Plus, it doesn’t really matter what you think about the Taliban and Fata: the boys have made their decision and you’re not going to change their minds. Small mercies, then.

But must you be so offensively ignorant?

Some loons in your KP government thought it smart to give Samiul Haq some cash. Maybe it had to do something with the PTI’s rivalry with Samiul Haq’s rival Fazlur Rehman. Maybe they just thought it a good idea.

What was definitely a wretched idea was your response when asked. You could have left it at, I don’t know why and I need more information. Or said, we need to reform madressahs and this is a part of that.

Y’know, like your freaked-out minders desperately spun afterwards and got you to say later. And that’s the problem.

Not that you have minders to attend to your mishaps. Not that you spoke your mind. BUT BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT YOU SOUND LIKE WHEN YOU SPEAK YOUR MIND.

A gazillion interviews and questions later and you still can’t figure out the difference between a terrible answer and an OK one.

There’s the stupid way and there’s the Imran way. Can we have a less of the two being the same, please?

Zardari – just because you’ve gone quiet, doesn’t mean we’ve forgotten about you, oh no.

Look, we get it. You don’t give a toss what anyone thinks. You are what you are, you’ll do what you want and the rest of us just have to suck it up. But that’s not it.

You love collecting property like Monopoly squares, you adore shiny towers and you live like a billionaire. We’ve got used to it.

But could you just act – just a teeny, tiny bit – like you’re still responsible for Sindh? Because, y’know, you are?

Yes, yes, we know that the boys have taken over Karachi and they’ve squeezed your inner circle. By all means, fight that fight.

But Sindh is not Balochistan. It’s not some godforsaken backwater. It’s got Karachi and 50 million people. And it doesn’t deserve this.

That Pathankot attack? Two of the four came from your interior Sindh. The great jihad penetration into northern Sindh may be controlled from elsewhere, but it’s happening on your watch.

Karachi? It’s about more than political murders and militant hideouts. It’s about one of the world’s largest cities imploding into a vast civic nightmare.

If you can’t bring yourself to anything right, try doing one less wrong, governance-killing thing every month. You may be surprised by the effect. Have a heart, man.

Raheel – oh, don’t act like you don’t know why you’re on this list.

Saint Raheel. The man who could be king forever, walking away from it all, right at his peak.

But here we are – again: a few months from a scheduled exit, speculation is rising, in the middle of a simmering political crisis, of decisions being reconsidered and of ways of keeping the crown.

If you could say it in Jan, say it again now: I’m going home, folk. Done. Decided. Written in stone.

Whoosh. Just like that the conspiracy bubble would disappear and we could get on with trying to become a constitutional realm.

Do the right thing, general. Look within, not at the other three.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 10th, 2016

Gearing up

YOU can hear the restlessness, feel the adrenaline building — the lull is almost over. Pedigreed, mongrel, pampered and scruffy, they’re all waiting for the bell, waiting for the gates to open.

And soon they’ll be away.

It will be chaotic. Some will get trampled under hoof and foot. Others will snap, some at their own tails, some at the closest neck. Many will roar. There will be squeals. Most will eventually collapse in a heap.

And from it all will emerge — a victor of sorts.

Right now, all we have is the prequel and the positioning to go on: Imran said this, PPP filed that, N-League caught between a roar and a look of uncertainty. So, let’s do the only thing we can in this slowest of weeks and handicap the race ahead.

Maryam is vastly inexperienced, appears indifferent to constituency politics; and seems infatuated with the glamour of executive power.

Nawaz — the bits we know suggest he’s well positioned, but the bits we don’t know could make all the difference.

It’s been three months since the Panama Papers. Three months after a grenade detonates and you’re still standing, it usually only means one thing: you’re home free politically.

The ECP disqualification route will create some noise, but it’s hard to see it going anywhere. Four-fifths of the non-functional election commission has to be nominated by the PM.

Even otherwise, assuming the PM and the Leader of the Opp separately forward names to the parliamentary confirmation committee, the parliamentary committee is 50 per cent PML-N.

So it just doesn’t make sense that an anti-Nawaz cohort will be installed in the ECP — and it’s just as hard to imagine that a Nawaz-endorsed, brand-new ECP will immediately go after him.

But there’s still a bit of danger.

The new ECP will be the first under the 22nd Amendment and it may be keen to prove its independence and flex its muscles — by collaterally damaging Maryam. The wide net of the PPP references makes that a possibility.

There is also the problem that is Maryam herself.

Fatherly indulgence and daughterly ambition have plucked her from the trenches and thrust her to the front of the campaign to protect her father’s premiership. That’s fine and possibly a boon too — all the better to have the ultimate determined fighter on your side.

But Maryam is vastly inexperienced; appears indifferent to constituency politics; seems infatuated with the glamour of executive power; and — perhaps most dangerously — shares her father’s obsession with all things Imran.

You can imagine the PTI brain trust working to goad her into mistakes.

The restraining hand of the father and the advice of the wily and tireless Dar could help keep things on course — but high-stakes debuts for princesslings can be nail-biting affairs.

Finally, there is Nawaz himself. A damaged ticker may have made thoughts turn to legacy issues and convalescing under political assault could have lit the fuse of resentment and anger.

Will Nawaz stay calm or is he tempted to unleash? Calm will see him through; unleashing will toss everything up in the air. You know what the enemies would prefer.

Next, the PPP.

The PPP looks like it’s having fun again and seems to be spoiling for a fight, but fireworks and theatre aside, the party is still mired in the same struggles of recent years — a seemingly irreversible slide towards irrelevance in Punjab and a slow, inexorable collision with the boys in Sindh.

Triggering a general election by ousting Nawaz would be the worst outcome for the PPP: the party is in disarray in Punjab and elections in Sindh just now could leave the party vulnerable to contrived and forced losses there.

Nor does it help the wider PPP to build pressure only for Zardari to swoop in and offer Nawaz a quid pro quo: we’ll save you in Islamabad if you get the boys off our back a bit in Sindh.

Silly talk aside, Nawaz as PM is the safest, best option for the PPP — if Nawaz goes, whoever follows him, from inside the N-League or outside, is unlikely to be as hands-off in Sindh and sympathetic to the PPP as Nawaz.

And then there’s Imran.

His advantage is obvious: heads he wins, tails he doesn’t lose. Judicial commission, street agitation, legal wrangling, whatever happens, the basic narrative doesn’t shift — Nawaz is somehow tainted and the PTI is the only real challenger in Punjab.

And if the PTI doesn’t get Nawaz’s scalp in this round, it has at least yet again stopped him from pulling away — until Panama broke, a serene and in-control Nawaz looked like he was cruising to a record fourth term.

But you know that Imran isn’t really playing the long game. If it weren’t for the forced pause of the past month, he’d already have been out there trying to dislodge Nawaz.

Missing though is the obvious ammunition. Panama already feels stale and Imran’s strategy too familiar, the lines of attack staler yet. The PTI’s best bet is to raise hell in Punjab and hope that it drives the N-League to do something stupid.

It’s possible, but unlikely. More likely it’ll end up in a melee with no clear winner and the crown still out of Imran’s reach.

But watch Nawaz — he’s again a bit of an unknown and he’s also got that other business to attend to: steering the transition from Raheel.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 3rd, 2016

Opening up the system

NOW that they’ve had theirs, folk are remembering that we’ve had ours. And then there’s the big one that’s still to be held — in Kashmir.

Plebiscite. Referendum. The people’s vote. Call it what you will.

Bad experiences aside, there may well be a reason to hold them here — not all referendums have to be about dictators trying to hang on by asking a funny question.

Where could we have one? Right where it’s blindingly obvious: in KP-Fata.

The powers-that-be appear to have decided that Fata has to be merged into Fata. Sensible reasons have been mooted, but, predictably, the unsavoury bits have been left unsaid.

Why not Fata as its own province? Because, apparently, you can’t trust them to not get funny ideas down the road. Imagine Fata the province wanting to secede. Or worse, join Afghanistan.

Instead of one Balochistan, we’d have two. So best not to meddle with that.

But then there’s also the other side: there’s a bunch of folk in KP who aren’t too excited about adding a chunk of Pakhtun lands and Pakhtun folk.

It’s not about being fashionable. Referendums can be dangerous precisely because they are so powerful — and simple.

Rumour, persistent rumour, has it that the last governor of KP wouldn’t accept the idea that KP should absorb Fata. Because that would mean relegating the non-Pakhtun lot in KP into a yet smaller minority. As you can imagine, the non-Pakhtun lot aren’t too excited about the possibility.

But all of that must be overruled because — well, referendums aren’t the Pakistani way. At least not the democratic way.

Why not though?

Hey, people of Fata, what would you like? And, hey, people of KP, would you like to welcome the people of Fata?

What’s so undemocratic about any of that?

Or, more relevantly, what’s so democratic about the proposed KP-Fata merger?

It’s not like referendums require special majorities or unanimity. And we already had a kind-of-referendum in the last election, in south Punjab.

A desperate PPP latched on to a Seraiki province as its best chance to hang on in the region.

If the PPP had swept south Punjab in 2013 and cobbled a majority in Islamabad, a south Punjab province would have been very much a part of the national conversation.

But the kind-of-referendum swung the other way, with south Punjab electing PML-N in greater numbers than the PPP or the PTI.

Gone, effectively, was the possibility of south Punjab forcing change against the wishes of Lahore. The kind-of-referendum worked.

It’s not about being fashionable. Referendums can be dangerous precisely because they are so powerful — and simple.

But the democracy deficit in Pakistan needs something to be unleashed to counter elite capture.

Think of it this way. The 18th Amendment was a historic transfer of power from the centre to the provinces. Done by the elected representatives of the people.

But quickly we found that the elected representatives were really doing themselves a favour — they like power concentrated in the provinces because they understand the provinces best.

Now imagine if the 18th Amendment had been taken to the people. A simple question: should parliament endorse the 18th Amendment or not?

That vast amendment, touching a hundred-odd clauses of the Constitution, was never going to be understood by everyone.

But a yes/no referendum could have forced open the conversation and, in doing so, blunted some of the less-desirable aspects of the amendment.

Take the new local government systems, left to the provinces to draw up under the 18th.

Today, either the LG structures themselves are flawed or implementation has been rubbish or both — and all of it was entirely predictable.

Had there been a referendum, the political parties seeking the people’s vote may have had to suggest something more substantive than the one-sentence Article 140A:

“Each Province shall, by law, establish a local government system and devolve political, administrative and financial responsibility and authority to the elected representatives of the local governments.”

At the very least, a referendum could have forced populist promises that political parties would have been forced to abide by on local government matters.

Either way, it’s difficult to imagine a referendum producing a worse outcome on the local government front. Or take parliament itself, reduced to a fate worse than pantomime.

Nawaz is famously uninterested and parliament is more or less OK with that. But few talk about why — Article 63A, the defection clause.

To elect a prime minister, to pass the federal budget and to pass a constitutional amendment — on none of that can an MNA vote against his party direction, or even abstain from voting.

The defection clause exists to cure a previous problem: horse-trading and the making and breaking of governments. But the solution has become progressively worse than the problem.

If you’re Nawaz or Imran or whoever and you can get yourself elected PM, get your budget passed and change whatever you like in the Constitution, why the hell would you pay attention to what your MNAs think?

And why then should MNAs care about whatever is going on in parliament?

Bizarrely, the architects of the 18th strengthened the defection clause by prohibiting MNAs from voting against party lines on constitutional amendments.

(Think back to Raza Rabbani tearing up over his vote for the 21st and remind yourself that he stewarded the 18th.)

A referendum could have maybe fixed some of that. Or forced some other good elsewhere.

But, no, we’re told referendums aren’t the Pakistani way. Because we have elected representatives to make decisions for us.

Just don’t ask too much about what those decisions are.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 26th, 2016

The long game

THREE down, two to go. A second consecutive government inching, muddling its way towards completion. And a democracy that feels, once again, unsatisfactory — stale, desultory, adrift.

It wasn’t supposed to be this way.

Transition was supposed to lead to gradual improvement, stability opening up space for structural change and a deepening of constitutionalism and democracy.

Round one was the trickiest and, with it, the lowest expectations. Get to the finish line, a full term, in whatever shape and it would be success enough.

Zardari delivered that, and pretty much just that.

Round two was supposed to bring more. Five years removed from a military government, building on a historic achievement of a full term, the pace had to pick up. It hasn’t.

It’s easy enough to see where Nawaz has screwed up. He’s got it grossly wrong on militancy — the defining challenge of our times. On India, he seems to think hope is a strategy. And on the economy, neither jobs nor equity are a priority.

But, because of the democracy deficit, he could get all of those things wrong and still end up a success — if he figured out how to reduce the democracy deficit.

He hasn’t. And there’s nothing to suggest he will.

Three years, three terms, four decades of politics, six of life — only the incorrigibly optimistic can believe Nawaz will come around to reinventing himself now.

And that’s the problem: you can’t see continuity leading to the change that democracy is supposed to bring.

And the boys, well, when you’re into the domain of suggesting the boys can structurally improve democracy, the plot has already been lost.

It’s not just Nawaz. Zardari we’ve seen and been horrified by. Imran we haven’t tested, but there’s nothing to suggest he’d throw himself at the task of structural change.

And the boys, well, when you’re into the domain of suggesting the boys can structurally improve democracy, the plot has already been lost.

That’s it. Those are the four options we have. Unless a right-wing demagogue suddenly appears and drags us into a darkness unknown.

The problem seems to come down to pressure: there’s not enough of it in Pakistan. Not of the right kind anyway.

Sure, there’s a whole lot of political noise. Get Nawaz. Arrest Zardari. Mock Imran. That in and of itself isn’t bad — and it could even be good.

If public anger tapped into or stoked by the political class triggered structural democratic improvements by the political class, then we should all be out on our rooftops yelling.

But it doesn’t. Because the incentives aren’t there for structural change.

Two things the elected lot have got semi-right in this democratic iteration: electoralism and legislation.

The first means regular elections, preferably on schedule and if not on schedule, certainly only to bring another elected option in.

If you stretch it, even Imran fits in that description — with Nawaz and Zardari clearly doing so and the boys acquiescing by not toppling anyone.

The other is legislation: the political class appears to have figured out the need for it at both the federal and provincial levels.

So we’ve had the 18th, 20th and 22nd Amendments (the 19th and 21st were forced on parliament) and bits and bobs of legislation at the provincial level.

But after those two things, it’s all got a bit gummed up.

Because the next levels — reforming democratic institutions, tiering government for the benefit of the maximum number of people, giving authentic autonomy to the non-political elements of the executive — none of that appears to be on the agenda.

Not even if continuity creates the space and opportunity to allow those things to come onto the agenda.

We’ve got the politics right, but are still getting governance and institutions wrong — because there’s no pressure to force better choices.

What’s needed is fairly clear: build pressure from the outside, public pressure on the system to respond better to the needs of the people, and create ideas on the inside, pressure needing to be reflected in thoughtful ideas.

There are possible fixes, but they must be rooted in the system and the context of here. Installing outside ideas won’t work because there wouldn’t be any buy-in, both by the public and the representatives who are to make the ideas work.

So, where can change come from?

The longer this goes on, the more this continuity business stutters, there appear to be only two local ideas with potential for significant acceptance: shorter terms — four years instead of five — and term limits for party officeholders.

Neither will be a silver bullet; there’s too much stasis in the system.

But as the continuity experiment is demonstrating, the third year of government is essentially a wasted year, with none evolved enough yet to take advantage of governance space.

May as well cut it out and get to a four-year system, speeding up the verdict of the electorate — and hence the possibility of democratic pressure to change.

And term limits for party officeholders may not mean much when power inside parties is not aligned with who controls which office — inside the party or the state itself.

See, Zardari as regent of the PPP and all too happy to surrender his presidential powers.

But churn inside parties could help new ideas come to the fore, catching the eye of leaderships needing to present fresh ideas to a public they have to go to more regularly.

The problem is obvious — if meaningful change isn’t on the political agenda, then how do you get onto the political agenda something that will introduce pressure for meaningful change?

Pakistan, as ever, looks set to remain Pakistan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 19th, 2016

The China basket

THEY seem to come out of nowhere. These technical spats that are packaged for the laymen here in warlike terms.

All week we’ve heard that the NSG — a nuclear group that few had ever heard of before — is proof of the US trying to screw over Pakistan and instal India as a hegemon over us.

It didn’t actually come out of nowhere — India-in-the-NSG is a wheel that was set in motion in 2005, with the genesis of the Indo-US nuclear deal, and that has built up speed since 2010.

And, to be clear, the US is being tricky with this India-NSG business. There is nothing principled — principled in a principled definition of the term — about the American position.

Also read: India wins Obama’s support for NSG bid

But let’s strip away the wonkish complexities and technicalities of the NSG and try and get to some of the basics here.

The NSG exists because in 1974 India tested a nuclear device. That, according to the NSG, “demonstrated that nuclear technology transferred for peaceful purposes could be misused”.

You know something funny is up when, 40 years later, the very organisation created because India did something to upset the world is being forced to wrestle with the possibility of Indian membership.

Essentially, if it weren’t for the US, India would never be in with a shot at NSG membership.

That quite remarkable reversal has occurred for at least two reasons that everyone — Indian, American, Chinese and Pakistani — agrees on:

Let’s strip away the wonkish complexities and technicalities of the NSG and try and get to some of the basics here.

One, the US and India are wary of China and seeking ways to work together over the long term to restrain or counter Chinese influence.

Two, the US, and other countries that support Indian membership, see commercial opportunity in India’s entry to the NSG; while India sees membership as a step towards joining the big-boys club globally.

In neither of those reasons is there a role for Pakistan — hence, no US or NSG deal for Pakistan.

Now, there’s nothing wrong with Pakistan complaining about what India and the US are up to.

If we don’t have the advantage that India has with the US, we may as well make as much noise as we can to try and prevent ourselves from being further disadvantaged.

And there’s everything right in Pakistan turning to China for support — in the world out there, you use what you have to try and achieve what you want.

But there’s a smart way to go about things and then there’s the Pakistani way. Even from a security-state prism.

Believing that we are at the end of a US-China-India chain, and having to deal with the trickle down of their three-way rivalry, we’ve latched on to China as the answer to our problems.

That’s fine. The way the board is now configured — leaving aside why it’s configured that way in the first place — it makes a kind of sense.

It’s not like we can convince the Americans of strategic convergences or allow ourselves to be friends with India.

But it’s a long game this and the problem is we seem to be playing it at warp speed.

Ever since the CPEC stuff came around, we’ve gone so all-in with the China card that it’s left a lot of folk puzzled, even the Americans and a bunch of the Europeans.

The US still wants to engage us, both militarily and otherwise. As long as we have nuclear weapons, terrorists and 200 million Muslims, the Americans can’t afford not to.

And the Americans are long used to balancing between a squabbling India and Pakistan.

So the base line security-state equation should be: pull China closer while sticking with the US and managing relations with India.

And yet — we only seem to be getting one part right. CPEC may be the eventual key, but there’re other doors still open.

Somehow, and for reasons unclear, we seem determined to shut those other doors.

The NSG hysteria this week is another clue in what is emerging as a determined effort to steer national-security and foreign policy into wholly Chinese waters.

It’s not like that silliness with Russia of a few years ago, when miffed at the Americans we pretended we had the Russian option to embrace.

With the Chinese, it looks both deliberate and real. The thinking appears to be, in the US-China-India chain, we’re at the trickle-down end of things.

And since we’re not a part of the economy-competition-trade triangle that the US, China and India are locked in and since our relationship with India is different to what the US, China and India have, we can’t leverage our economy to engage in strategic competition and can’t use trade to blunt that competition.

That means grabbing the One Belt, One Highway lifeline and riding it all the way to wherever it can take us — because of India. And the US is on India’s side.

Which is already turning out to mean two things.

One, even as One Belt, One Highway offers historic economic possibilities — and not just the CPEC road and energy stuff — our security-centric world is nudging it towards becoming primarily a security-based project.

Two, we seem prematurely willing to ratchet down ties with the US — and wholly closed off to the idea of being a valued and valuable interlocutor between China and the US down the road.

Run with the American hare, hunt with the Chinese hound and keep both eyes on India — it should not only be possible, but the goal itself.

But the security state seems to have other ideas.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 12th, 2016

Stability-instability

THE month-long snooze, we can hope, is almost upon us again, so let’s catch our breaths and have a look at the lie of the land instead.

Political stability — we’re back into normal-ish mode. Panama isn’t dead, but the frenzy has subsided.

You can’t kill off your opponent politically while he’s laid up in hospital — the average Pakistani won’t stand for it, hence the cries of surgery fraud by Nawaz’s political enemies.

From here, there’s one of three ways Panama can be re-energised: something new pops up, the boys decide to pull the plug or the Nawaz team screws up the ToR negotiations.

Panama was a bolt from the blue, so you can’t rule out something new. You know there are more skeletons and closets.

But don’t bet on them tumbling out. Nawaz seems to have learned the Zardari way —— don’t get caught with your hand in the cookie jar; make sure it’s someone else’s.

There’s a reason the London apartments are still, two decades on, the main public symbol of Nawaz’s misdeeds.

The boys pulling the plug — there is a disdain among them for Nawaz that is different to the one felt for Zardari, but the same in its intensity. It is strange.

If it were just the older lot, it would make a kind of sense. The older lot saw Nawaz 1.0 and that forever shaped how they feel about him.

But the younger lot having the same disdain is curious — there is little of the scandal and none of the conflict this time round to feed the anger. But it’s there all right.

Still, through this Panama business, there hasn’t been a systematic, determined and sustained attempt by the boys to turn the screws.

Sure, there’s no sympathy for Nawaz — see above — and if he drowns himself, you know they’ll let him.

But if Panama is to be re-energised, it doesn’t look like it’ll come through the boys.

There’s a reason the London apartments are still, two decades on, the main public symbol of Nawaz’s misdeeds.

The ToR negotiations — this one’s tricky because there’re so many moving parts involved. And egos and personalities.

But the N-League does have a strategy: insist that Nawaz is willing to face whatever scrutiny wanted by whomever; simultaneously argue it’s only fair others face the same scrutiny; and indicate that the party is willing to go into campaign mode.

That openness-cum-aggressiveness makes it hard to keep the focus on Nawaz alone and as soon as the net gets widened, the game is up. No frenzy — no ouster. No focus — no ouster. Onwards it would be to 2018.

Internal security: the chief has given us the only clue that matters — Zarb-i-Azb is winding down. The details can be argued over — what about Punjab? And the anti-India lot! Will the anti-Pak lot regroup? — but there are two new realities.

First, fewer things are going to go boom. That matters because things going boom and TV screens flashing with carnage and gore is the one thing that injects true systemic instability.

Because it gnaws at the position and the image of the boys — of themselves and the one everyone else has of them. Too much pressure can make for choices — and mistakes — by the boys that everyone else has to pay for.

Second, even if something big does go boom now, the threat of the civilians taking advantage is gone. You can’t claw back civ-mil space when you’re on the ropes in the political arena.

Raheel or no Raheel, the boys unambiguously control the security narrative once again and where they can’t control what the militants do, they’ll control the state response.

Either way, they boys will eventually get their way in Punjab.

External stuff — we’re back where we started and where the boys have always wanted us to be: India is at the centre of all of that we see and do. Things are normal again.

How the hell is this normal, you may be thinking: we’re sniping with Iran; the Afghans are mad at us; the Americans are bullying us; the Indians are trying to isolate us; and only China, dear, dear China, is standing by us.

But go through each of that. The US is in election mania — it’s not going to do something crazy with us. Not now.

The Afghan government isn’t hoping for talks anytime soon and the US has indicated it won’t let the Taliban overrun the Afghan state this year — that adds up to time.

India? India is hardly going to declare war on us and it can try all it likes to diplomatically isolate us or militarily intimidate us — it’s not like it’s going to work. See above.

And China, slow pace of CPEC or not, isn’t going anywhere because we’re the best thing it’s got in this neighbourhood.

Sure, opportunities galore may be passing us by — but that’s not the point.

With India at the centre of all that we say and do, the point is about fending off threats, not seizing nation-altering opportunities.

And if you take all of that together — political stability, internal stability, external stability — we get the problem that is Pakistan:

Instability brings with it the possibility of change, while stability reasserts old patterns; but, in our stability-instability cycles, we get from instability to stability too quickly for change — of the good kind — to manifest itself.

Then again, this is Pakistan — the next spell of instability, and with it the possibility of change, can’t be too far off.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 5th, 2016

Project Afghanistan

MAYBE we don’t know what we’re doing. Maybe we’re hostage to history and the past. Maybe the outside world is wrong.

Or maybe we know exactly what we’re doing and why.

Mansour is dead because Pakistan couldn’t deliver him to the negotiating table. And Pakistan couldn’t deliver Mansour to the negotiating table because Pakistan has influence, not control.

You don’t have to be a strategic expert to figure out how leverage works. We want X to do Y. We ask politely. X refuses. So, we lean on X.

And Pakistan has only influence, not control, over the Taliban because — well, here’s where the official story starts to break down.

Publicly, the line is this — sanctuary does not equal control because even without sanctuary, the Taliban would still be fighting the Afghan state inside Afghanistan.

The fault, then, is with the Afghan state — if they were better at governing and fighting, the Taliban wouldn’t be around. We — Pakistan — can’t be held responsible for the screw-ups of the Afghan state.

Privately, the line is this — sanctuary does not equal control because the Taliban know we can’t force them to dialogue. Because if we tried to force them, they’d bring the war here.

And Pakistan cannot afford another war inside Pakistan, with the Afghan Taliban of all things. That would be insanity and disaster.

So, influence — and limited influence at best.

We want there to be dialogue, we really do, but there’s only so much we can do. See above.

Except — what part of Mansour catching a taxi from Taftan and merrily wandering across the Balochistan expanse suggests that we were serious about making the Taliban dialogue?

You don’t have to be a strategic expert to figure out how leverage works. We want X to do Y. We ask politely. X refuses. So, we lean on X.

We curb his freedoms. We ask for his passport back. We disrupt his side businesses. We stall his communications. We make him feel isolated.

Gradual but determined escalation. Whatever the specifics, by the time the end comes, X shouldn’t casually be passing through immigration and wandering around on his own.

And that business about bringing war to Pakistan? It sounds awfully like what we were once told about the TTP. We can’t go into North Waziristan because they’ll bring the war to the cities. It will be carnage on a scale that we couldn’t imagine. Pakistan would be brought to its knees.

Except, it wasn’t. Peshawar happened, as did Lahore and some other stuff. But that epic blowback that had been so feared was pretty much neutralised by the very thing we were told would trigger it:

A military operation combined with counterterrorism stuff — y’know, the kind of stuff that a state is supposed to do when confronted by an internal military threat.

And about the Afghan Taliban’s bluff.

The basic difference between the Afghan Taliban and the TTP, we’ve always been told, is that the Afghan lot are nationalists, not trans-nationalists.

They have no ambitions beyond Afghanistan. They won’t fight abroad and won’t sponsor violence abroad. They’re not the TTP.

So, call their bluff — we tell them to dialogue, they say they won’t, then squeeze them until they do or see if they’ll really threaten to bring the war here.

And if they do threaten — it’s not like we don’t know where each and everyone of their leaders is. They threaten war, we bring the hammer down on them.

Fantasy? You bet.

Because we’ve done this before. Back when the Geneva accords were being negotiated and we were publicly pledging non-interference and non-intervention while preparing for the opposite.

Now, it’s all talk of peace and dialogue and Afghan-owned and Afghan-led. While Mansour is getting his passport stamped and taking a taxi across Balochistan.

Maybe we don’t know what we’re doing. Maybe we’ve trapped ourselves.

Or maybe we do know exactly what we’re doing and why — Afghanistan is ours, the Taliban are ours and there ain’t anything the world can do about it.

Because the post-Bonn Afghan state is not sustainable. Because the US will eventually tire. Because time is on our side.

And while destiny and the inevitable will be ours, if in the meantime there’s a drone strike or four, so be it. The US is a superpower. You have to let the angry giant tire himself out.

Omar, Mansour, Haibatullah, Jack, John or Jill, who cares — Project Afghanistan, our plan for our neighbour to the west, remains untouched.

A simple agenda — Afghanistan will be ours and the Taliban will get it for us. But a complicated tactic — shout dialogue from the rooftops, while keeping the Taliban in the basement.

Because the time isn’t right and until then we have to play along.

Influence, not control is the other incompetence or complicity — a canard that buys us time and shields our agenda.

Final thought: the N-League has for months claimed that Nawaz has some trouble with his heart and that a check-up was on the cards. And when Nawaz flew off to London after Panama, the N-League did protest that there was a genuine health issue too.

But it didn’t break through the news cycle. Panama was a sexier story and none of our anchor-warriors and free-media champions thought to ask, is this real and how serious is it?

Now we know. Never mind a constitutional vacuum and a media that doesn’t bring you the news, though — we’ve still got Panama.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 29th, 2016

The rack or the knife?

HE’S gone. No, he’ll survive. He’ll definitely go. Maybe he’ll survive. He can’t survive. Maybe he’ll go. Gone, safe. In, out.

Everyone’s got an opinion on Nawaz.

And why not? It’s the only show in town. Not quite death watch and not yet circus show, it’s depressing-riveting in a very Pakistani way.

But with all the focus on the how, there’s something that’s been missed — why?

There’s really three options for who — Nawaz, Imran or the boys. We all know why Nawaz could end up ousting himself — because, well, he’s Nawaz.

And we all know why Imran wants him gone — there can only be one prime minister and as long as someone else has that job, Imran doesn’t.

But the boys are a bit more puzzling. What the hell could Nawaz have done to make them want to knock him out? Even the Nawaz camp seems unsure.

Unsure, but aggrieved. Convinced that it’s the boys who caused and are stoking the latest instability, the Nawaz coterie is indignant — we even let Musharraf go; what else do they want?

Let’s try and find out.

When the boys move, it’s to protect core interests — themselves, their perks and the chunks of policy they care about. So to those, again, we must turn.

Internally, there’s the gateway to Punjab. Nawaz has blocked that so far, but you know they’ll eventually prevail.

Convinced that it’s the boys who caused and are stoking the latest instability, the Nawaz coterie is indignant.

It happened with Zarb-i-Azb and it’ll happen again with their agenda for Punjab. For a bunch of reasons, but also because Nawaz isn’t interested in alternatives to get the job done.

Externally, Afghanistan is a sometimes-possibility. But right now it’s the other way round — for a while now the Nawaz camp has mocked the boys for promising much and delivering nothing.

And it’s not like Nawaz had staked his third term on fixing Afghanistan. Ultimately, if the boys want it, the boys can have it — there’s no civilian use for Afghanistan.

The US? Things have slipped there and may slip some more, but no one thinks it’s because the civilian side isn’t pulling its weight.

And while Nawaz has tried to avoid the anti-American tag, it’s not like he’s tried to pull a Memogate. There’s no cause for rage against him there.

India? That’s always tricky because civ-mil automatically diverges there — what civ wants, mil doesn’t. So, surprise, surprise, India is where the first cracks have been seen.

After Pathankot, there were grumbles that the N-League moved too quickly with the FIR. The N-League thought it was the reverse — since the basic outlines were known in a matter of days, a month and a half after Pathankot was a reasonable wait.

Nawaz may well be right, but it doesn’t matter — the Pathankot FIR reinforced the perception that Nawaz is always in a hurry on India and that his hurry is both suspect and dangerous.

Still, the unwise and the hasty can be neutralised — as has happened with Pathankot ever since the FIR. The investigation may have some civilian representation, but everyone knows who’s in charge.

Yet, all irritants can’t be neutralised. With stuff going on on the other side of the LoC and India’s military ambitions creating both opportunity and threat, the boys want some noise to be made.

The world needs to know what we’re facing. Our security is at stake. Diplomacy needs to be in overdrive.

Instead, there’s mostly been silence by the civilians. And the longer the silence, the more the frustration.

And then, there’s China. It’s with China that the problem seems real.

It may appear odd. Nawaz loves China. He’s staked his third term and his government’s economic legacy on the China-Pak corridor.

China is what Nawaz never tires of talking about. Ten billion this, forty billion that; a million miles of road and hundred thousand megawatts of electricity — it’s really all China, China, China from the N-League.

And yet — the anger just keeps growing.

There’s the part where the boys think the N-League is more interested in flogging CPEC politically than it is in bringing the projects online quickly. Competence versus politics.

Then there’s the part where the boys think the N-League is getting the politics of CPEC wilfully wrong — the unresolved domestic political opposition to CPEC has got the Chinese skittish and the boys concerned. Party interest versus the national interest.

And then there’s the part the boys won’t tell you about — self-interest. A military-development machine that first rose in Balochistan and has since been honed in Fata is ready to take centre stage.

On the project front, what the civilians are struggling to implement, the business acumen of the boys could solve. On the policy front, where the civilians only see roads and megawatts, the boys want to lash security, regional and local, with the economy and their military-commercial prowess.

And on the reality front — what the boys want, the boys get.

Luckily for Nawaz, if it is really about China, the answer to survival is obvious: just give them CPEC and be over with it.

Unluckily for Nawaz, if it is really about China, he’ll have nothing left to play with: where else is he going to get the roads and megawatts to flog come election time?

So, while submission is possible, defiance has its own logic — better maybe to embrace ouster and get some sympathy than slide limply towards an eventual election with nothing to sell.

Stay on the rack until the end or take the knife and carve out the pound of flesh they want — the choices are rarely pleasant for a civilian in deep, deep trouble.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 22nd, 2016

Vultures circling

WE can pretend they’ll do the right thing. Nawaz will go to parliament and answer his accusers — fully, without fudging and without fear of the consequences.

The opposition will use Nawaz’s candour to steer the national conversation towards systemic improvements and public accountability while offering itself up for similar scrutiny.

Democracy will be strengthened and the boys, chastened and thus beaten back, will go back to fighting militancy as priority No 1. The media will pull itself out of its frenzy and the public will settle down for elections in 2018.

But why pretend?

Nawaz is in trouble. A world of trouble and it’s trouble that isn’t going away. King of Punjab, the man who was creeping towards a permanent majority, three-term PM — Nawaz is fighting for his political life.

Panama was never about legal minutiae and never really about offshore accounts. It was a hook on which to hang whatever you like — public anxiety about a corrupt plutocracy, the political ambitions of Imran, the institutional interests of the boys, the anti-democratic agenda of sections of the media.

Nawaz’s mistake was to argue he hasn’t done anything wrong instead of offering to do something right. He wanted to prove he isn’t corrupt, when what would have helped is nudging the democratic project forward.

His mistake was also to believe that just enough is good enough — that if he stays on track to win another election, he’d be all right. His mistake, ultimately, was to be himself.

He may yet survive. Ouster is easily dreamt, but hard to effect. But because it’s on the cards, let’s work through the options.

A decision is made — Nawaz has to go. Inside parliament, there is only one forcible route: a vote of no confidence.

Because the N-League has a majority in the National Assembly and the 18th Amendment disqualifies anyone who votes against his party in a no-confidence vote, the route to parliamentary ouster seems closed.

Nawaz’s mistake was to argue he hasn’t done anything wrong instead of offering to do something right.

But there’s a lacuna in the disqualification clause: if a MNA votes against his party in a no-confidence vote, the party has the right to seek his disqualification — meaning it’s not clear what happens to the vote itself when it’s cast.

Essentially, a PML-N MNA votes against Nawaz in a no-confidence vote. Nawaz and his remaining supporters in the PML-N would reasonably argue any N-League votes cast against him are unconstitutional — but they’d have to get a Supreme Court judgement to say that.

By then politics would have already overtaken the law — it would be clear, whether constitutional or not, that a majority in the National Assembly does not want Nawaz as PM.

The real problem with the no-confidence vote, though, is political: in addition to breaking some PML-N votes, easy enough to engineer if there’s the will, the entire opposition party would have to vote against Nawaz too — something much harder to arrange.

So, to outside parliament we must turn. Street power is an option, but Imran may have undermined himself here. The endless rallies have made people used to rallies — just another week in the life of Imran.

To resonate more widely and shake the political foundations, the PTI would have to pull off another Oct 2011 or possibly something even bigger. A historic rally in the heart of Punjab on a single-point agenda — the ouster of Nawaz.

It could happen. But it’s tough.

Then, there’s the real option: Raheel leaning on Nawaz. Mr Prime Minister, in the interest of the nation and for the sake of stability, would you please consider stepping down.

Below the nuclear threshold — dissolution of all assemblies and snap elections — are a couple of options: same NA, new prime minister; or NA-only elections, leaving the provincial to carry on.

(There’s no constitutional reason for NA and provincial elections to be held at the same time and, arguably, staggered NA/PA elections could be a long-term answer to political instability.)

The Raheel option works because, well, it’s the boys we’re talking about — you can imagine that even the most resistant civilian can be prevailed upon by a determined enough chief.

Finally, there’s what Nawaz could do. He could gamble and call an election himself, hoping to win a fresh mandate. But he’s already boxed himself in.

With no presence outside Punjab, he would need to win massively in Punjab again. Conversely, his foes — civilian and otherwise — would just need to block him in a minority of seats in Punjab to prevent Nawaz from forming a government on his own.

So back it would be to coalition — possibly a fate worse for Nawaz than trying to hang on till 2018.

Or Nawaz could take the martyr route — force Raheel or a combination of PTI and the establishment to do something so ugly to chuck him out of power that an election or two later, the PML-N could bounce back.

Is any of this likely? Who knows; Pakistan is an uncertain place again.

Panama is not going away. Yes, Panama is also about the political ambitions of Imran. Yes, Panama is because of the institutional interests of the boys. Yes, Panama is about the anti-democratic agenda of sections of the media.

But there’s also the original truth: we only have Panama because Nawaz chose to do dodgy things and then let his family do dodgy things.

So, do we blame the vultures or the one who gave us the corpse?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 15th, 2016

Of rogues and torture

WELL, this is boring. ToR this, ToR that. Duelling press conferences and legalese designed to tear your hair out. Who the hell cares?

So, to rebel against the tedium and the week, let’s turn to some other stuff. And, for the sake of sanity, let’s start with lighter fare.

Where have all the loveable rogues gone? You’d think Pakistanis have just discovered corruption. And you’d think our leaders have just learned how to be corrupt.

At least if all the hand-wringing, tut-tutting and bellowing is to be believed.

But the thing that grates, that really grates, in this entire episode — Panamagate? Sharifville? EndofCorruption? — is just how rubbish the lot of them are.

Politics was, in addition to enriching yourself, supposed to be about fun. To look like you’re enjoying yourself and let the world you know you’re enjoying yourself.

Get out there; knock ’em dead.

Asif had it once upon a time. He not only looked like he was enjoying himself, but actually was. A polo ground in the PM’s backyard. A replica of a favourite watering hole in the Surrey basement.

But now — maybe he’s grown old. Or maybe he’s been battered by the years. Or maybe everyone else was horrified once they realised that the joke was on us because he was actually in charge.

Whatever it was, what Asif had once, he doesn’t have anymore.

So elsewhere we have to look. Nawaz? You almost feel sorry for him. He’s accumulated all that wealth. Raiwind is the stuff of fantasies. Seven generations hence can spend to their hearts’ content and it may not even make a dent in the fortune.

Imran? You know he’s having fun up there on those shipping containers because, gosh, he can’t seem to stay away.

And yet. And yet you can’t really imagine him enjoying it. Bentleys, Rolexes and fancy suits reek of the past, an inability to explore or evolve. And where’s all the ambition gone?

Once upon a time, Nawaz wanted to be amir-ul-momineen. Which may not have been so good for the rest of us, but it sure beats plain ol’ Prime Minister, Sir. This time round — is there any ambition beyond being inaugurator-in-chief of bits and bobs of highway?

And when he does deign to address us, from in front of a TV camera or behind a secure barrier, all we see are grimaces and all we hear are complaints. Wounded, upset, hurt, nobody-loves-me — it’s like Nawaz has forgotten that he’s a trillionaire three-term PM with a shot at a historic fourth.

Imran? You know he’s having fun up there on those shipping containers because, gosh, he can’t seem to stay away. But, if you don’t happen to hate Nawaz or loathe Zardari, Imran is less enticing than Bible class on a Saturday night.

Taut, querulous, angry — Imran is so determined to become PM and so resentful that he hasn’t already that he’s forgotten that he still has to be likeable beyond the base to get elected.

Raheel? Sure, his job doesn’t win him points for looking like he’s having fun. If anything, he racks up points for being the stern taskmaster disciplining errant schoolchildren, aka politicians.

But — there’s something missing. Kayani had his cigarettes, Musharraf his braggadocio. With Raheel you get the feeling he only managed to avoid institutional radicalisation because no one thought him interesting enough to bend either way.

Asif — lost his mojo. Nawaz — grim and soulless. Imran — fighting his mojo. Raheel — makes vanilla seem interesting. It wasn’t always like this. Where have all the loveable rogues gone?

Torture diaries: Because this is Pakistan, there’s always something nasty to talk about. What happened in Karachi? And why?

The first is easier to explain. Granted 90-day detention by a change of the law in 2013 — a change that was demanded by the Rangers, but more than happily effected by the N-League — a pattern quickly emerged.

Pick up the guy; haul him before a magistrate immediately; get 90-day custody — and then, well, you have two choices. Either take it slowly, or don’t.

Slowly was rejected, among other reasons, because of the way the human body works. If done methodically and by a professional, the tell-tale signs of torture are less severe three months later.

So, as soon as you have your guy, do what you need to — or want to — and then let the chap slowly recover in semi-discomfort for the best part of a couple months Of course, if you appreciate repeated games you know what happens next.

Perversity is often dangerously logical. After a while, word gets out — survive the first few days or whatever in custody and you’ll be fine. To which a counter has to be developed — increase the pain inflicted on those in custody so that you still get what you need.

Hence, errors and lethal miscalculations

Now to the more complicated question. What did they need from this particular chap? Here we descend into the murk. The less culpable explanations you can find elsewhere. The darker one is this — the plan for Karachi isn’t working.

That abomination of a no-name party cobbled together by the boys and fronted by the oleaginous ex-mayor isn’t getting the kind of traction that was hoped for. Worse, defections have slowed to a trickle and none so far have impressed.

In which case, why not give folk some food for thought and the process a nudge? The good may recoil. The realist may question. But here’s the rub, that theory — the idea above — is being peddled by the side trying to cling on in Islamabad.

As if civ-mil wasn’t complicated enough already. But enough of that, the quota for the nasty this week is over. Onwards, to arguing over ToRs.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 8th, 2016

The carousel of politics

THE overt stuff is easy enough to explain. Nawaz wants to rule. Imran wants to be PM. The boys want to protect their institutional predominance.

And Panama was never about Panama.

Panama is about opportunity — and threat. Threat for Nawaz and his rule. Opportunity for Imran and the boys.

More than two decades on, Imran is where Nawaz was. Nawaz is where nobody was. The boys are where they’ve always been.

It’s been so overt that there’s little need to explain it.

But Panama may have also revealed something quietly disturbing: a slow slide back to the turmoil of the ’90s.

More than two decades on, the cast has changed, as have the roles and the positions. Imran is where Nawaz was. Nawaz is where nobody was.

The boys are where they’ve always been. And, most of all, there’s no president and 58(2b) to inject rocket fuel into petty discord.

But the similarities are eerie and growing.

On the political side, the ’90s were also a kind of psychological drama about the hunger for power and impatience.

This time round, Imran has that — and then some. Panama is, as Imran and his PTI have made clear, about ouster — of Nawaz. It is not about the system.

Surrounded as he has himself by money and the moneyed, Imran doesn’t really have a problem with the system. Politics is for the rich and the rich need to do what they do to make politics possible.

Imran didn’t, doesn’t and won’t have a problem with that. His revolution is about himself — bring him in and the system will automatically improve.

But that’s only one aspect of the personal — and with it, systemic destabilisation — that Imran brings to the game.

The other is his effect — on Nawaz. Nobody gets under Nawaz’s skin like Imran. It’s more than just Imran’s claim on Punjab and the electoral threat he represents.

There’s something about Imran that seems to drive Nawaz crazy.

Maybe it’s because Imran is essentially Nawaz from an era past — seeing yourself in your enemy has driven many a man crazy before.

Maybe it’s because Nawaz believes Imran is unworthy — an unworthy leader, an unworthy aspirant to leader of Punjab, an unworthy politician, an unworthy man.

Whatever it is, Nawaz can’t seem to help but respond to Imran. Furiously. Beyond reason, measure or good political sense.

Which is problematic because Imran’s politics is all about poking and prodding Nawaz.

That forces mistakes — mistakes of overreaction. Try as you might, you can’t imagine Nawaz responding so personally and angrily and politically to anyone else leading the Panama charge.

But because it’s Imran doing it, we have a ruling party that’s gone into campaign mode — a mode that plays right into the hands of Imran and his brand of perma-politics.

Imran, because of who he is and what he represents to Nawaz, is a chief element in this new era of politics as a psychological drama.

Turn to Nawaz. Three years into a third stint, the limitations have become apparent. In many ways, but perhaps none more damningly so than as the chief custodian of the democratic project.

Continuity was supposed to be a means to an end.

Help continuity along and perhaps over time the space would open for an improvement in the quality of democracy — politics, governance, policy, the whole lot.

Marginal bits here and there, but on the whole, a trudge in the right direction. Crises — they could have been the catalyst for big changes.

But in his response to crises, we’ve seen that Nawaz’s contribution to politics is stale and limited: reject systemic reforms, embrace patronage politics and hunker down.

In both the actual reaction — fight politics with politics — and the non-reaction — no attempt to make reforms to the system — Nawaz is undermining the logic of continuity.

What’s the point of continuity if it won’t deliver a better democracy?

And how do you buttress continuity if Nawaz is busy signalling that he sees politics and policy as little more than an electoral knife fight?

Once, twice, thrice — how many times will be too many if all each crisis yields is a government response that pours more politics on politics?

Finally, there’s the boys.

Co-habitation works if the division of labour is respected — by both sides. But co-habitation has an obvious problem: the urge to encroach.

Managing the big-ticket items — as the boys do right now — does two things. It makes you confident about your abilities and dismissive of the abilities of the other side.

We’re getting close to a tipping point.

The tipping point where the boys are so enamoured of their perceived successes, so confident about the ability to manage things and so contemptuous of the civilian side that continuing to stay out of politics — out in a relative, Pakistani sense — may not seem like such a good idea anymore.

The worst place for us to be is when someone starts to believe that we — you and me, the regular folk — need them. To save us. To be in-charge. To fix things.

Throw all of that together and it could spell a great deal of danger. Familiar danger.

A leader who won’t march us forward. A would-be leader who’s determined to drag us back. A predominant institution whose self-belief is sky-high and regard for politics is reaching worrying lows.

The carousel of the ’90s may be closer than we realise.

A bigger, gaudier, messier version.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 1st, 2016

A turf war

WHY pretend? They both know what they’re doing. Raheel and Nawaz. One’s gone emotional, the other sanctimonious and preachy. But they’re both defending turf and it makes sense — for them.

For the rest of us, well, that’s another matter altogether.

Let’s start with Raheel. Things had been going well enough. Cohabitation had split responsibilities neatly: the boys managing big-ticket items — national security, key foreign relationships and the like — and the civilians doing the grunt work on whatever else they wanted to focus on.

But memory has a habit of receding. And with returning confidence come funny ideas.

Mid-term, Nawaz had looked like he was catching his stride again. Folk had begun to wonder whether Pakistan had been saved. CPEC dollars were beginning to trickle in. Fuel prices were hovering at lows. Electricity seemed manageable. Inflation was stable.

In the end, the new playbook prevailed — decapitation was rejected, but the walking dead were left behind.

Nothing fundamental had changed, but in the game of perceptions Nawaz was beginning to look like a winner — or, at least, the ultimate survivor. That disrupted the template.

Rewind to the last PPP government. Different circumstances, but a worthy playbook was written for this era of continuity: knock ’em back once at the start, let them flail around for a while, then get them again in the home stretch.

Two well-timed blows to ensure that political capital at the start doesn’t translate into anything big and recovery midway doesn’t lead to anything dangerous.

And so it was that Zardari was pinned back soon after becoming president, Mumbai destroyed any policy initiatives and re-coronation of Iftikhar Chaudhry kept everyone occupied.

That made for civilian docility for a couple of years. But civilians are stubborn creatures. Not in any visionary or even grandiose way, just in terms of chafing under restraints.

Memogate ended the very few funny ideas the PPP may have begun to get once again. After that, it was limpness all the way to the finish line, a fate so wretched you almost — almost — felt sorry for them.

With Nawaz and his PML-N, the playbook was copied in the first phase — after all, why ditch a good idea?

But on and on — and on — went the screams of a stolen election and the wretchedness that was the dharna that even sensible folk began to wonder if the boys were crazy enough to take a good idea and kill it by doing too much.

In the end, the new playbook prevailed — decapitation was rejected, but the walking dead were left behind.

Now comes the second phase. With the legacy of the dharna receding — and with it, its chilling effect — there was again a problem. Nawaz was beginning to look prime ministerial.

Which hadn’t translated into anything big yet, but you don’t want Nawaz to think he’s got the political capital to do funny stuff. Enter the civil-mil gods from above and the gift of Panama.

For a couple of weeks, the civilian enemies tried to land a blow or two — and mostly failed. Panama had undermined Nawaz’s credibility and hurt his legitimacy, but it wasn’t translating into mortal danger.

It could have been one of those slow-burning affairs, but it’s been a while since Imran has looked like he can make good on any of his political threats. So Raheel had to do it himself.

It is a political masterstroke. Where N-Leaguers were relishing a fight with a diminished Imran, they’re instantly worried about where Raheel wants to go with this and the temperament of their boss, Nawaz.

The N-League’s mid-term confidence stands shattered and dark thoughts of survival have returned.

The playbook for this era of continuity has delivered again: hit ’em hard early, then get them again in the home stretch. A diminished civilian is a civilian who poses no threat. He’s too busy thinking about himself to concentrate on big-picture stuff.

Turn to Nawaz. His Friday speech was punchy and defiant because he’s got one solid card left: his electoral appeal.

Nothing about Panama had suggested that Nawaz was an electoral dead-man-walking. Yelp, scream, pound, complain, the electoral maths isn’t shaken by sophisticated notions of corruption and legitimacy.

So why not double down on that?

Nawaz’s speech was about two things: him and the people on one side, Imran and the anti-democrats on the other. It was ugly and miserable — and, possibly for those reasons, effective.

We can already guess what the dash to London was really about: huddling with the architects and custodians of the exotic family financial architecture to figure out what the exposure is.

And a calculated bet seems to have been made: unless the era of leaks in this digital age surfaces some records that can’t be covered up, what’s already out there won’t lead to anything damning.

So, Nawaz has asked the people to judge him not on why the family has dabbled in Panama at all, but on whether Panama and the like prove something demonstrably illegal.

You can see what Nawaz is doing. Where others have tried to raise the bar, Nawaz is arguing to be held to the existing bar — a simple but potentially effective move when wrapped in electoral populism.

Why pretend. Nawaz is in the business of winning elections, Raheel in the business of institutional dominance. Both are only defending their turf.

Who would you rather be in this mess? Raheel for sure. But Nawaz doesn’t have that choice. Nawaz is doing what Nawaz needs.

Unhappily, neither do the rest of us have a choice. All we can do is look on as turf is defended and great games are played out — all in our names.

Pakistan zindabad.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 24th, 2016

Lahore to Panama

THE immortal Ardeshir Cowasjee would have summed it up thus: “Saala sab chor hai.” And, if he were feeling a bit more expansive, Ardeshir may have added that you can’t teach shame to the shameless.

The beauty of the Panama Papers is that they need no explanation. They speak for themselves and they do so at a visceral, universal level. Scions of the inexplicably rich ruling family of Pakistan do dodgy things to shield the family wealth.

That’s it. You don’t need to know anything else.

Rage can be a useful thing and the Sharifs are finding out just how dangerous it can be. But it’s not just the Panama Papers. Twice in the last month, Nawaz has suffered grievous blows.

Maybe not in the electoral sense, but when the two events combine to leave you serving at the pleasure of Raheel and at the mercy of indignant Pakistanis, your political capital stands eviscerated.

Irresistible as the Panama leaks are, it may be the earlier mistake that could eventually be more damaging to Nawaz’s fortunes.

After the Lahore park blast, Nawaz had a choice: co-opt or be sidelined. He chose to defy, thinking that Punjab was the one encroachment he could not countenance.

But defiance is pointless when you don’t really know how to and don’t have the tools to defend. Weeks later, there they are, the boys fighting in Punjab — aerially pounding some no-name thugs and normalising the hitherto unthinkable.

From here, it’s only a matter of time. Nawaz may be able to effect a blocking manoeuvre here or there, but the inevitable is set to happen — Punjab will be cleansed by the boys on their terms, at their pleasure, on their schedule and with their priorities.

Fortress Nawaz — Punjab, the land from which had sprung a seeming permanent majority for the N-League — stands penetrated.

Look closer and the danger is greater still. Word has it that Raheel looks more determined and more in a hurry than ever. He wants this done.

Rage can be a useful thing and the Sharifs are finding out just how dangerous it can be.

The script is this, TTP, the sectarians and the anti-state lot will be eradicated. Anywhere and everywhere they are found. But the fate of the anti-India lot will depend on what India does.

If India addresses the boys’ concerns, then Project Wrap-up — deactivating the good jihadis — can begin to be contemplated. If India doesn’t, then, well, figure it out for yourself.

And it’s not just Raheel. Everyone around him is reading from the same script. So if Raheel goes or Raheel stays, the mission will remain the same.

The only uncertainty if Raheel exits is the relentless energy he’s brought to the job — will a successor be able to match the punishing pace and schedule of Raheel?

So while the Lahore park attack is already beginning to recede in public memory, its systemic effects are only just beginning to show.

Which brings us back to this Panama business.

There’s a contradiction at the heart of the Sharif family empire. It is precisely the obvious and great wealth that made Nawaz the poster child of Punjab.

Son of the soil who amassed a fortune through business and politics — the poor are in awe of Nawaz, the middle class aspire to be him and the rich are envious of him.

Where once sugar-mill owners were political rock stars and now Malik Riaz and his real-estate gazillions are the gold standard, for a generation and more of Punjab, Nawaz has been their greatest son.

Yet, the family has always been oddly defensive about its wealth. A faux-modesty and pretend-humility that rankles.

Pakistan likes its plutocrats to behave like what they are — above the rest of us. Not in a sneering way, but in a commanding way.

Rob us blind if you like, but then don’t try and pretend you’re still one of us. Benazir figured that out, as has Asif. Possibly because she also had an iconic global presence and he a thick skin. Either way, you can’t imagine BB or Asif staying up at night wondering what folk thought of their stolen wealth.

But the Sharifs — they seem desperate to be liked.

And the only thing worse than how much they want to be liked is how gormless they are in trying to project the image of being one of us.

The Panama Papers have legs here in Pakistan partly because of the global ripples. In this age of social media and exploding smartphone ownership in Pakistan, folk are plugged into what’s going on elsewhere in the world.

But the Panama Papers also have legs because of the bizarre Sharif response. A prime ministerial address to the nation in double-quick time to talk about stuff that happened to the family businesses decades ago?

Whoever thought that was a good idea ought to be sacked. But then — how do you sack yourself?

Between the Lahore park blast and the Panama Papers, we now have a prime minister with shattered political legitimacy, a security-policy role that is virtually non-existent and yet with likely enough electoral support to win another election.

It may really be the worst of all worlds — a winner who doesn’t look like a winner, feel like a winner or sound like a winner.

Psephologists and political scientists may be able to explain why. But who will answer the simple question — by God, what have we done to deserve this?

Maybe if Ardeshir had been around, he would have told us. Or at least he would have made us smile.

Saala sab chor hai.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 17th, 2016

The spy connection

BELATEDLY, let’s get to this spy business. It seemed to be about India, but then the timing suggested Iran too.

It wasn’t just the timing either: word has got around that the spy had been in custody for a while — connect those dots the only way you can.

Now, an Afghan spy was picked up and the news splashed in the media through the usual suspects. So, what the hell is going on?

Straight up, let’s dispense with the silliness. What we’re being told isn’t why it’s being done — so let’s cut to the why.

The last time Pakistan was being overrun by spies, it was the Americans. Five years ago, it was safe houses in Islamabad and mysterious rented bungalows in Lahore.

Thousands of unexplained visas were issued by the unpatriotic Zardari and the scheming Haqqani.

A crescendo was reached with Raymond Davis, the OBL raid and Shakil Afridi. Then, mysteriously, it all went away.

Pakistan stopped issuing visas to spies, appa­rently.

But we have a sense of what really happened because the Americans subsequently hinted at it. The Americans had decided Pakistan was a problem and the quantum of resources dedicated to it was stepped up.

Inside Pakistan, that was interpreted as interest in our nukes, the Punjab jihadis and stuff that aligned with Afghan and Indian interests.

So, fear and uncertainty triggered a familiar response: domestic opinion was activated as a buffer against American demands.

If the state alone couldn’t resist or thwart what the Americans were up to, the street and the state together would. As ever, the rabble of right-wingers and loons was happy to oblige.

The idea that we can win over the world, or some parts of the world, by dredging up external interference is pabulum.

Now, we have a new round with new actors — but a different intended audience.

The idea that we can win over the world, or some parts of the world, by dredging up external interference is pabulum.

Pakistan is the place that the world fears external influence from — in Afghanistan, in India and via jihadis all over the place.

The best we can hope for on the external front is a bit of counterweight to the Afghan stuff — having acknowledged the Taliban are here and under our influence, the foreign-spies-in-Pakistan line helps balance the ledgers.

So why pretend? The audience is internal. It’s you and me, Pakistan and Pakistanis. The boys are talking to us.

The message is simple: we’re fighting to save Pakistan, but this fight will be complex and long.

The intended effect is also straightforward enough: Pakistan, we’re on your side and we need you on ours.

The pay-off, especially down the road, is manifold and more complicated.

Start with the message. When Raheel gave us Zarb-i-Azb, circumstances left him with a dilemma.

The boys had long argued that they needed a political and national consensus if North Waziristan, the last tribal militant bastion, was to fall.

But when Raheel was ready to move, neither consensus existed. So he had to manufacture them. That meant selling Zarb-i-Azb as decisive, historic and all-encompassing.

With NWA falling — and attendant counter-terrorism stuff in the cities — Pakistan would be safe.

It wasn’t quite the truth, but when consensus has to be manufactured you can be elastic with the truth.

But that creates its own problems. If Zarb-i-Azb was going to save Pakistan, then what do you do when Pakistan doesn’t get saved?

What, bluntly, do you do when stuff still occasionally goes boom and people die?

APS was close enough to the original decision to allow it to boost the consensus — nobody thought Pakistan would be saved in six months.

But Lahore, and other inevitable stuff down the road, is now sufficiently removed to start creating doubt.

What’s going on? Will we ever be safe? Do the boys know what they’re doing?

Trotting out the spy connection helps fight those doubts and recalibrates expectations.

It signals to the people that great games are afoot. The boys are doing everything they can, but the enemy is shadowy and his links many. That calls for patience.

Roping India, Afghanistan and Iran into the narrative on terrorism casts the fight against militancy into a historical, decades-long perspective. The people will understand the need for patience.

And, with India, Iran and Afghanistan in the mix, the people will know — there’s only one group who can lead this fight, the boys themselves.

The brilliance of the spy connection is that it does several things masterfully at the same time. It buys time, deflects blame and makes the boys more indispensable than ever.

It also — if the civilians were smart enough to catch on — menaces the civilians.

When it was the Americans who were unleashing their spies on us, it was Zardari and Haqqani who felt the heat.

But back then the memory of Musharraf was fresh, Kayani had grabbed a second term and the fight against militancy had stalled.

Now, we’ve got a war that’s much more advanced, with few frontiers left to conquer and a civilian resisting encroachment in Punjab.

Meanwhile, there on the other side is a chief for the ages leading the patriots fighting to keep us safe.

Nawaz should do the maths on the story that is being told to us: long war, foreign connection, a war only patriots can lead and win.

The maths leads to an obvious conclusion — get some buy-in on the terrorism fight in Punjab and start to look like a fighting patriot.

Else, with the spy connection unleashed and fighting patriots needed to lead, there’s just you-know-who left looking like a winner.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 10th, 2016

An end-point?

ALL week we’ve heard that this is something new. New fight. New front. New tensions on the old civ-mil front. But is it?

The attack, horrific and monstrous, was familiar enough. A familiar enemy. A familiar target. A familiar attack — Meena Bazaar circa 2009 having started the women-and-children gore.

Ah, but the response was different. The Taliban have driven a wedge where others had failed recently — between Raheel and Nawaz, who had seemed to be making co-habitation work.

But haven’t we seen this — or at least a version of this — at least twice before?

Raheel and Nawaz have different approaches. But the approaches are rooted in the same equation — how much, how far, how fast and at what cost.

The Karachi airport attack gave us Zarb-i-Azb. Nawaz didn’t want Zarb-i-Azb — back then, we were told, because he didn’t want blowback in Punjab. But Zarb-i-Azb we got because Raheel presented Nawaz with a fait accompli.

Then, APS/Peshawar attack birthed the National Action Plan. Because it was a sprawling programme, it wasn’t an immediate systemic threat.

But Nawaz, we were told, could sense the danger: specific mention of Punjab in NAP and a range of measures that suggested the inevitability of army encroachment. So, NAP was mostly ignored, even though the boys tried to rattle the civilians into greater compliance.

Now, we have Lahore. And once again, the boys have tried to turn it into a catalyst. And once again, Nawaz is resisting.

This much is clear: Raheel and Nawaz have different approaches. But the approaches are rooted in the same equation — how much, how far, how fast and at what cost.

This week, we’ve learned yet again that Raheel wants to do more, farther afield and faster than Nawaz when it comes to fighting militancy.

But that doesn’t make Raheel completely right — and Nawaz being wrong isn’t the certain deal-breaker that everyone seems to think.

Let’s start with the boys. Raheel’s determination tends to obscure a persistent truth: how much, how far and how fast to go in the fight against militancy have not all been determined by him.

Both the Fata plan, with its culmination in North Waziristan, and the application of a counter-terrorism vice in Pakistan proper are part of a blueprint that was long acknowledged.

If Pakistan was to be saved, there was a certain logic to saving it — a sequence that had to be followed. Raheel has followed that sequence. His real contribution has been to accelerate the pace of that sequence.

But with speed comes mistakes.

Essentially, Raheel is presiding over a transition point — the changeover from predominant counter-insurgency to more counter-terrorism goals. The former is necessarily military-led. The latter suffers if militarised too much.

What we have now is a push for ever-more militarised counter-terrorism — meaning the long war will be longer yet.

Two mistakes by Raheel have contributed to the problem. One, he has encouraged the ISI to mould itself as the counter-terrorism lynchpin.

On the record, you hear frequently enough of civilian law-enforcement and intelligence sorts praising the ISI for its counter-terrorism prowess. They pass on information, they are helpful, they help us with essential coordination, they multiply our capabilities — the ISI is great.

Off the record, a different story can be heard. The ISI does not just consider itself superior to the civilian side of security apparatus, but it works to make sure that its superiority is protected.

Both directly, by blocking the acquisition of resources by the civilians, and indirectly, by making sure everything is routed through it, as with the Rangers.

The warrior Raheel could have been more enlightened.

Two, Raheel didn’t pay attention to the spillover effects of Karachi. When the civilian input was frozen out and the campaign spread to the political realm, the inevitable happened.

When the boys say corruption, they may well mean only corruption – but when the civilians hear corruption, they think regime change and ouster.

The warrior Raheel did not see the political connection between Karachi and Punjab. An enlightened chief may have thought, keep Karachi narrow and Punjab could be that much less difficult to handle.

But now, with Lahore, we’ve reached an end-point of sorts. After Zarb-i-Azb and NAP, there’s really just Punjab left. Another massive attack will give Raheel what he wants. He won’t have to wait for Nawaz.

That changes the equation for Nawaz. Earlier, Nawaz could afford to say no to Raheel — Zarb-i-Azb and NAP were buffers between Raheel and Punjab.

And earlier Nawaz could not afford to say yes — if he gave up Punjab, what the hell would he be left with anyway? He may as well have gone home.

Now the choice is more straightforward: work out an arrangement with Raheel soon or else get steamrolled by Raheel when the next attack in Punjab happens.

As for Raheel — the enlightened path is available again: know that Nawaz has just one chance left and give him a deal that he can live with.

Punjab is rich and ruthless. For all its flaws, the civilian apparatus can do decent counter-terrorism. So, offer the civilians some kind of semi-equality and let Nawaz know the odds of another massive attack in Punjab — and let him figure out where that would leave him.

Self-interest can be a wonderful thing. Between the boys and Nawaz, perhaps self-interest may just align in an enlightened way.

Then again, this is Pakistan. When control-everything collides with do-nothing, the outcome is usually control over nothing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 3rd, 2016

A fourth wave?

BRUSSELS is a world away from here. Different reasons, different trajectories. Plus, we’ve already had our Parises and Brussels several times over.

But Brussels is important because it confirms what Paris had revealed: a fourth wave of jihad. As we tamp down our own third wave of jihad, might we too face a fourth down the road?

Speculation is a dirty game, but worse is to be caught unawares and unprepared.

Before we get into the possible conditions for a fourth wave, let’s look at the first three that have gone by here in Pakistan. First, of course, was the Afghan jihad. The one that eventually morphed into Al Qaeda and the hell it unleashed on us.

Second was Kashmir and the anti-India lot. Redirected, re-energised and then mutated beyond recognition, parts of it turned on us, while other parts have flourished to the great distortion of the communities in which the networks have spread.

Third were the TTP and its cohorts. Triggered by a combination of events, partly rooted in the evolution of the first lot into Al Qaeda and partly resulting from the shockwave that the US war in Afghanistan sent through Fata, it may be on the verge of running its course.

But if the first three waves taught us anything, it is that jihad is influenced by events in the region and the world — the shadow of the Cold War; the unfinished business of Kashmir and Partition; the mixing of an earlier creation and a superpower’s later intervention.

Right now, jihad is really the only game in town — in the world. In the media. On the net. In the global discourse. Jihad is to the Muslim world what Donald Trump has become to the US: ubiquitous, cacophonous, impossible to ignore.

And you can bet there are some here willing to listen to what it has to say.

Brussels is important because it confirms what Paris had revealed: a fourth wave of jihad.

That doesn’t automatically translate into IS. The Pakistani waves haven’t tracked the Western ones in the last two cycles and there’s no reason for the fourth waves to be the same.

But it could look similar: decentralised jihad; a pick-and-mix buffet that lone wolves and small, spontaneously organised groups can select from. Jihad du jour, as it were.

Why might that emerge here, given that Pakistan is on the path to stabilising itself and isn’t the mess that the Middle East has become nor does it have the dynamics of Western jihad surrounded by majority populations?

There are several reasons and we’ll try and ignore the banal because-extremism-is-still-rampant types. So here goes.

The state is regaining its authority, but its legitimacy is still contested. Making Pakistan safe again for the majority has reinforced for a minority that the state’s actions are indecent, immoral and, possibly, un-Islamic.

And the further you stretch away from violent jihad to seemingly less toxic extremism, the larger that minority gets.

Sure, the parallels are inexact and the schools of thought different, but the Qadri episode has illustrated the problem of a state recovering its authority, but further eroding its legitimacy for many.

Qadri was executed, but the state is the villain — power and weakness at the same time. Turn that logic to military operations, and while sympathy for the TTP may not have systemic appeal, a fundamental question remains unanswered: why is the mighty Pakistani military unleashing its wrath on those acting in the name of Allah?

From dishonourable deeds can grow a wellspring of resentment, hate — and violence.

Next, the system itself is suspect. A hybrid dictatorship-democracy, both sides of the equation are deeply problematic. The military for the aforementioned reason; democracy for intrinsic ones.

The standard explanation for the lack of electoral success of the political religious right is that most Pakistanis reject it. But the explanation lies elsewhere: the natural constituency of the religious right — the rabble of extremists and arch-conservatives — is averse to democracy.

They don’t vote and they don’t think anyone else should either. Their numbers are not insubstantial and their habitual, ideological non-appearance come election time tends to mislead.

Third, the way in which the fight against militancy is being fought. Most of us just hear the numbers: X captured, Y eliminated, Z sentenced. But behind those numbers lie stories of savagery and violence that most of us prefer not to think about — but that the fringes dwell on darkly and insistently.

The Adiala 11, the attacks on super cops and ISI safe houses, the whispered stories of violence and mutilation — the cycle of state-sanctioned violence and militant revenge is there for everyone to see, if they want to see.

Most prefer to ignore it; the ones who focus on it — the stuff happening on the ground, the grotesque and the ugly — for them it is a powerful instiller of fear and loathing. Vengeance is for the righteous.

The decline of organised jihad — both the bad variant and, in time, the good — does not mean the end of all jihad.

It’s not just that the three waves that we’ve seen so far have laid down an infrastructure and created a mosque-madressah-social-welfare network in which a fourth wave can incubate.

That is a big problem. But jihad needs something to fight against — and something to fight for. Here in Pakistan, the reasons are still many.

A state whose legitimacy is contested, a system of governance that is seen as inimical to Islam, an all-powerful institution whose actions are seen as a betrayal and a fight that is dirty — the seeds for lone wolves and spontaneous little groups are all here.

The global din of jihad is louder than ever.

Here in Pakistan, a fourth wave may be closer than we realise.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 27th, 2016

A new template

OH no, he’s flown away. Oh hell, the religious lot is at it again. We’re doomed. We’re saved. Mumble, chatter, scream, hell.

It’s been another one of those weeks, so let’s get down to it.

Musharraf. It was a bad decision — going after him for the Emergency and going after him so early into the third term.

That bad decision has been set right in a predictably wrong way — but Nawaz is better off for it, whether he likes it or not.

The rest of us? The jury’s out on that. Because Musharraf is our past from another country.

Go back to 2014. Three big decisions, three episodes that made for a break from the past. It started with this Musharraf business.

Nawaz signalled he wasn’t willing to let go. Musharraf would be tried — and if he wasn’t going to be hanged or jailed, he sure was going to be made a spectacle of and harassed mercilessly.

It offered an intriguing possibility. Trying Musharraf for the Emergency and trying him so early into a third term were the wrong choices to make.

But decision made, the rest of us — ordinary Pakistanis interested in and affected by civ-mil — could piggyback on Nawaz’s obduracy. He’d get his man and we’d get our democracy and rule of law.

Then, the second thing happened: Zarb-i-Azb. That was the beginning of the change.

Until then, two successive chiefs had quit office under pressure and were widely derided. Get one of them, put him on trial for whatever, and a shockwave would be sent through the system, felt by chiefs for a generation to come. But Zarb-i-Azb put a stop to that. Musharraf was effectively a free man. There was no way in hell a former chief would be put on trial for treason in the middle of the most intense war the army has ever fought.

The break from the past had begun — and with it the value of getting Musharraf diminished.

What had been a faint uncertainty for several months had become emphatic reality. Musharraf would walk free, sooner or later.

If you’re Nawaz, you care deeply about a trial and a conviction. For the rest of us, Musharraf’s jailing was only instrumentalist: getting him was about sending a signal.

But the opposite signal was about to be sent — to the rest of us. Nawaz had let history pass him by that January, giving a speech in parliament that will go down in infamy. Nawaz wanted peace, the Taliban wanted war. Raheel saw that and put it right — giving us Zarb-i-Azb.

From there, a meteoric ascent was all but guaranteed. Do it right — and Raheel looked like he knew what he was doing — violence would drop and a grateful nation would hail its latest saviour.

And so it came to pass. The break from the past had begun — and with it the value of getting Musharraf diminished. Present and future chiefs were already being insulated from the shockwave that a Musharraf conviction would have sent.

Musharraf’s Pakistan, the old parameters of civ-mil, was vanishing. In its place, a new Pakistan with new civ-mil parameters was emerging.

The third episode confirmed it: Peshawar. APS added rocket fuel to what had until then looked like an evolutionary break from the past.

In double-quick time, the National Action Plan was birthed and a new reality had coalesced. Musharraf’s Pakistan was gone. No more was there need for a takeover.

Instead, we had a super-chief and his template for making his institution’s influence all-pervasive.

Get Musharraf, don’t get Musharraf, it would make no difference — the instrumentalist value in getting him, the shockwave it would send through the system, the signal chiefs for a generation to come would receive, it was all gone.

Because takeover was neither needed nor threatened anymore. Raheel had shown the way, embodying the new template.

The new template is three-pronged: fuse personal popularity with a hard-nosed identification of core interests and quietly expand indirect control.

It is a template that the next few chiefs, and perhaps chief for a generation to come, can embrace.

The personal popularity aspect can come through the long war that is being waged. Militancy will not disappear anytime soon and as long as there’s an enemy, there’s a hero waiting to be minted.

The core interests have now more or less been identified. Focus on national security, protect the institution, and let the pols manage the economy and soft stuff. That means the boys make all the decisions about the boys and their needs.

Finally, co-habitation must be owned and worked on. The N-League likes to brag about the rapport between the PM and the chief. The time and effort invested and strategy crafted is talked up privately.

But it works both ways. The time and effort invested by Raheel and the strategy crafted in dealing with the government is there for future chiefs to see.

It is neither carrot nor stick, but a steady focus on outcomes and, most of all, consistency. Mean what you say and say only the things you mean. Be patient, don’t frighten them — they want to like you and, secretly, want you to like them.

The three-pronged template — personal popularity, core interests and co-habitation — is already fairly mature. From here on, future chiefs may only need to tweak it a little.

The problem is at the other end — the civilians. They haven’t quite caught on to the past becoming another country. They don’t seem to understand that Musharraf’s Pakistan is gone.

And they sure don’t know what to do about what it’s been replaced with.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 20th, 2016

Getting it right?

PSST, wanna know what Barack Obama thinks of Pakistan? It’s buried among his latest ruminations on the Middle East and the unholy mess that place has become.

From The Atlantic:

“Though [Obama] has a reputation for prudence, he has also been eager to question some of the long-standing assumptions undergirding traditional US foreign-policy thinking. To a remarkable degree, he is willing to question why America’s enemies are its enemies, or why some of its friends are its friends…

Tens of thousands of jihadis and a handful of nukes versus a diminishing crop of militants but a burgeoning set of nukes — choose your poison.

“He questioned why the US should avoid sending its forces into Pakistan to kill Al Qaeda leaders, and he privately questions why Pakistan, which he believes is a disastrously dysfunctional country, should be considered an ally of the US at all.”

A disastrously dysfunctional country. In the present tense. Amidst all the raptures of a Pakistan saved, or on its way to being saved. Did Obama not get that memo? Or does he know something we don’t?

The joy of a saved Pakistan would be a joy unrestrained. But the joy of a Pakistan saved must sync with policy.

Several policies — not just the one where every TTP chap the state can lay its hands on gets whacked.

So, let’s wander around the policy landscape a bit and see what we can find. Start with the outside. Afghanistan — it’s finally happening. We’re no longer pariahs; the US and China have come around to our view on what needs to be done there.

And that view involves installing the Afghan Taliban as co-equals, or at least working partners, of the Afghan government. This is self-evidently a good thing because, well, the US and China are on board.

But let’s be clear — 15 years after they brought our worlds collapsing down on us by hosting Al Qaeda, a decade since the spillover set fire to Fata and half a decade of all-out war against the chaps who borrowed their name, the Taliban are again being foisted off on our neighbours to the east.

Not because we have no choice, but because it has been determined to be in our interest. All Taliban, clearly, are not equal.

Let’s continue clockwise. Swing over to China. The Chinese have dangled CPEC, the Chinese love order and the Chinese hate Islamists. Ergo, the Chinese are going to help us — through a bit of gentle arm-twisting and plenty of Chinese dollars — be a better version of ourselves.

Great. But the Chinese don’t hate all Islamists; they’re more than happy to see some of them impose order outside China (see, Afghan Taliban v1.0 and, now, v3.0); they’re confident about crushing Islamism inside China — and they’re comfortable leaving us holding the bag of blowback.

They did it with Lal Masjid and they did it again with Zarb-i-Azb. Meanwhile, the Chinese practise their own version of good Taliban/bad Taliban — under the radar, a bunch of Pakistani and regional mullahs have been cultivated by the Chinese.

We are, in a sense, the best damn thing China can find — both a sponge to absorb Islamist rage and the tip of the spear to go after it when it gets out of control. Fix us? The Chinese need us.

On to India. It’s all feel-good there. We didn’t shield Jaish and we’ve shared intel on LeT. It is historic. We’ve signalled a willingness to consider putting some distance between us and Team B, the back-up war plan.

Great. But then there’s the inverse correlation with the nuclear stuff. Team B becomes less important once you’ve flirted with the full range of nukes.

Lowering the threshold of nuclear war means you’re not quite as reliant on jihadi troublemakers as a deterrent. But will someone do the maths on swapping one kind of hell for another?

China is modernising its arsenal, India has further nuclear ambitions — being the smallest of three we could get hurt the most by the knock-on effect.

So, tens of thousands of jihadis and a handful of nukes versus a diminishing crop of militants but a burgeoning set of nukes — choose your poison.

Let’s turn inwards. Balochistan — so much good news. So, so much. CPEC. Gwadar. Trains. Rescues. But most of all, a free pass — for the boys.

Balochistan has become the boys’ great freebie. A grateful nation, elated at the hammering the Taliban are taking, no longer frets about Balochistan. Not even at the margins.

Do what you like about the country’s longest-running insurgency, so long as you finish off the second-longest-running insurgency that frightens us all — the message is loud, clear and well received.

After all, the will of the people, the Constitution reminds us, is to establish order.

Karachi has confirmed the fecklessness. It is sold as the new division of labour: the boys restore order; the pols focus on the soft stuff. It looks remarkable.

It is remarkable. Gone is talk of transitions; transformation has already occurred. In the garb of continuity, a radical reassertion of power has occurred.

Turns out, Pakistan’s problem wasn’t a lack of democracy, but decision-making. Musharraf must feel aggrieved, Ayub stands vindicated, and Zia the avatar of bad decisions.

The possibility had always been there, the logic powerful: make sure you’re the only one around strong enough to pick up the pieces of your failures. Raheel allowed the dharna to happen, but Nawaz clung to talks with the TTP — one is forgotten; the other is not allowed to forget.

Obama’s taken a long, hard look and decided we’re a disastrously dysfunctional country. He could be wrong. You want him to be wrong.

But maybe he’s figured us out. Maybe our dysfunction and disaster as a country and a people is a tendency to forget the right stuff and forgive the wrong people?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 13th, 2016

The tightening noose

A FLAME flickered briefly this week, the savages violently snuffed it out and folk wondered — a step forward, two steps back, going round in circles, tightening noose, what?

Because this is Pakistan it could be all of the above. We do confounding well.

But let’s not kid ourselves. Pakistan isn’t liberal. Pakistan isn’t about to become liberal. And Pakistan’s liberals are set to remain on the margins.

Few, though, want to talk about why.

Some predictably blame Zia. True enough. Zia remade Pakistan in his image. He was the monster and we are his spawn. And there were, oh, a hundred thousand or so of that spawn out in the streets this week.

Read: Pro-Qadri leaders, protesters booked.

Some of the more honest would go a little further back — ZAB did a number on liberals. He was their hero, but he wanted power more.

Still, neither of that really feels satisfactory anymore.

Effects linger, but they also get overtaken. Bhutto has been dead for 40 years, Zia for 30. Neither would probably recognise Pakistan today.

We are Pakistan. The two hundred million around today. And, if you really want to look, you can see where liberals got it wrong.

To begin with, liberals hitched their wagon to BB and her PPP. Sure, the father had disappointed, but BB had fought a dictator — the dictator — and, hell, she was a woman.

Young, glamorous, pregnant, victim, broken Urdu — you couldn’t write a better liberal script. Yes, the MQM had come along and the ANP had survived, but on the national stage it was BB and her PPP.

BB, by her very existence, by her conviction and courage, would expand the space for liberals in Pakistan. And if that logic wasn’t persuasive enough — how could you not believe that a warrior woman, a global icon, our BB, would at least stop the drift to the right?

Let’s not kid ourselves. Pakistan isn’t liberal. Pakistan isn’t about to become liberal.

Turned out BB and Asif had different ideas — very different, dipped-in-rupee ideas. It’s taken almost a decade of Zardari to begin to cure liberals of their PPP hangover.

But the PPP link is not enough. There’s clearly more.

The next problem: the bargain liberals struck. The grand bargain, the one struck with the state: let us be liberal in our worlds and we won’t try and press a liberal agenda with state or society.

Essentially, liberals agreed to give up their claim to public spaces so that their private spaces weren’t molested.

Private schools, comfortable homes, clubs, restaurants, societies — all an increasingly insular world, cut off from the outside; an inside where you, your family and friends can live mostly as you choose.

And if that too becomes suffocating, there’s always a plane ride to somewhere to engage public spaces and breathe a bit.

That bargain — State, keep your hands off our spaces and we interfere in what you do elsewhere — has both shrunk liberal circles and cut them off from wider society.

But there’s more: a growing anti-activist bent. Liberals themselves have held fellow liberals back.

Someone tries to set up a community space for progressive causes — she better be careful or she may get killed. Someone goes on TV to challenge the mullahs — what the hell is he thinking, he’s going to get shot.

Someone makes a documentary about ugly stuff in society — brave, but stupid. And that anti-activism becomes all the stronger when bullets do fly and someone does die.

Today, liberals in Pakistan wear their anti-activism with a befuddling pride.

Finally, there’s the timidity — on the rare occasion that social issues are publicly embraced. A women’s protection law is not a liberal cause. If you ever needed to understand that you just need to see who’s pushing it through.

The PML-N hasn’t become invested in this stuff because the PML-N has become liberal; it’s become invested in this stuff because this stuff is now a self-evident human baseline.

Have a daughter, sent her to school, seen her want to work, watched her have a career — and most reasonable people stop thinking of her as property, they want her to succeed, and they sure as hell don’t want to see some man assault, violate or murder her.

It’s not that complicated. You don’t have to be liberal to understand that. But here we are in this bizarre situation that liberals, having fallen behind the social-issues curve, have become cheerleaders of a conservative government.

Or take the hanging. The murderer’s supporters have ensured he will be remembered for generations. His grave will probably become a place of pilgrimage.

But what of the murdered man? Thrilled that the state had done the job for them, where were the liberal calls to memorialise the governor?

Cheering the hanging only indirectly hails the governor. No one has stood up to embrace the governor directly — or the cause he gave his life for.

That’s for another Pakistan, or a never-Pakistan.

It is possible to stack up those reasons in reverse. Abandoned by the PPP, liberals had to find a way to survive. So, they withdrew from the public sphere to try and protect their private spaces.

That withdrawal to the private fuelled an anti-activism that has worked to discourage the few who have tried to be activist outliers.

And the anti-activism impulse has morphed into a broader conservatism that has left the liberal class trailing the trailing moderate conservatives on social issues.

But that only works to externalise blame. Liberalism has really asphyxiated itself.

Political failure bred insularity and liberal insularity has made it possible for state and society to be redefined in a private affair between the centre right and the extreme right.

So, this week — step forward, two steps back, going round in circles? Maybe just a tightening noose — around liberals.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 6th, 2016

Old DNA

THEY need us, they fear us, they must work with us and they’re suspicious of us. Americans. But possibly the best thing they do for us is let their officials write books.

Because those books end up telling us something — about us. And them. Mostly incremental stuff, but usually useful.

And the latest contributor is Michael V. Hayden. Retired four-star air force general, former NSA chief and former CIA director.

The Pakistan Army has never, ever so relentlessly hunted an enemy that wasn’t India and is Islamist.

A man who spanned the world of US intelligence and intelligence-led counter-terrorism operations between 1999 and 2009 — years that changed the world, and Pakistan.

So, what Hayden has to say in Playing to the Edge: American Intelligence in the Age of Terror is necessarily interesting — accepting that all spies, including CIA, dissemble:

“[W]orking with Pakistan, and working with ISI in particular, was always very difficult. Pakistani and American interests in Afghanistan and in the region were not the same. That didn’t evolve out of malice, but of very different worldviews.

“In an effort to figure out why, I often asked myself, What constitutes Pakistan? Some nations (like Germany) put a lot of stock in blood; others (like us) wrap themselves around ideology. What about Pakistan?

“I came up with two things. First, it was not India. And second, Islam. And it soon became clear to me that it didn’t matter what specific issue I was raising with my ISI counterpart.

“Fundamentally, what I was asking my partner to do was to pay less attention to India (which he would never do) and cooperate with me in making war on a small and particularly virulent slice of Islam (which he would find very difficult to do).”

Hayden’s official contacts with Pakistan — the very highest echelons of power in Pakistan — ended in early 2009. Since then, Pakistan has moved on.

Since then, we haven’t talked to India, but neither have we tried to fight them. Since then, we have fought what is already by far and away the longest war in our history — against Islamists.

Since then, Pakistan has paid less attention to India and made war on a small and particularly virulent slice of Islam. Since then, has Pakistan changed?

Lurking in the background of Raheel’s war has been that question.

Musharraf first suggested it, Kayani flirted with it, but Raheel has taken it up most forcefully — the Pakistan Army has never, ever so relentlessly hunted an enemy that wasn’t India and is Islamist.

And have a look at what comes next. In nine months, Raheel will go home. Whoever follows Raheel will be even more steeped in counter-insurgency and counterterrorism than Raheel.

After that, the guy who’ll follow the next chief, some four years from now, will possibly know little else in his career as a commander other than fighting militancy and terrorism.

With that kind of future, the army can’t possibly stay the same, can it?

It is a seductive idea: an army rooted in fighting India and championing Islam being forced to fight rabid Islamism and learning through counter-insurgency and counterterrorism who the real enemy is.

But like most seductive ideas, its veracity is suspect. Militancy may be a long war, but it will eventually be won, more or less. Meanwhile, the eternal enemy will have only grown stronger and pulled further ahead.

So, by the time the military will emerge victorious, more or less, in the longest war in our history, it will be faced with the most powerful and militarised a foe it will ever have had to contend with — India.

That’s one way of looking at it.

There is, of course, another way of looking at it: the India obsession got us into the militancy mess to begin with, so ratchet down the India obsession and most other problems will dilute themselves.

Essentially, save Pakistan by making Pakistan about Pakistan instead of the not-India, Islamist version of Pakistan.

But counterterrorism operations and counter-insurgencies don’t rewrite the DNA of countries. It’s institutions that do. And here Hayden presciently, if a little obviously, identified the problem: the ISI.

“ISI was a complex organisation. We got along well enough with the counterterrorism branch, but we also knew that, all the while, other parts of the organisation were sustaining Pakistani ties to Pashtun and other militants as a head against Indian establishment.”

And this: “But ISI often acted like a plural noun.”

And this, too: “ISI was a heavily compartmented organisation.”

Until the plural becomes a singular, until the compartments all don’t collapse into one, the old problem will remain — whatever else needs to be fought will be fought, but the core will always be focused on India.

Even Raheel — determined, decisive, pragmatic Raheel — has not been able to collapse plural into singular. He wasn’t able to with the dharna and he hasn’t with Afghanistan and he can’t with India.

But in Hayden’s ruminations about Pakistan he also unwittingly identifies a contributing factor to Pakistan’s India obsession: the US itself. America needs us, America fears us, America is suspicious of us — but America still works with us.

Shuja Pasha is duplicitous, Kayani is reluctant — but each of them is courted assiduously and from each of them is extracted cooperation that America found just enough of to avert its eyes from all else that may have been going wrong.

So, like many American principals who’ve written books before him, Hayden too avoids a basic question: is Pakistan the way it is because that is the way it is or because that is the way it is allowed to be?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 28th, 2016

Not nabbed yet

FIRST, the good news: at least no one lost their minds. There’s been no crisis. No mutants crawling out of the woodwork. Nobody thinks the government is about to fall.

Basically, a win for continuity.

The longer this democracy thing goes on, the more folk will be able to take disagreements in their stride. It’s how democracy is supposed to work.

The surest thing we’ve learned about Nawaz is that a confident Nawaz makes for a snippy Nawaz.

Not everything is the end of the world. Not everything is so fragile. Some things are built to last.

Now, on to the bad news: continuity aside, there’s not much good going on here.

NAB is a flawed organisation. Thoroughly so. It has to be: it was created by a military man and designed to take on civilians.

Partly, that’s what’s happening again. But that’s not only why Nawaz is snarling and his acolytes are yelping.

The surest thing we’ve learned about Nawaz the third time round is that a confident Nawaz makes for a snippy Nawaz.

Basically, Raheel’s told everyone he’s going home.

Which means Nawaz is king of the castle for a while. At least until the next chaps settles in. And that makes for trouble.

If Nawaz thinks you’re an irritant, anyway.

Remember Model Town? The massacre happened hours after Zarb-i-Azb began. The calculation then was as clear as it is now: the boys were on-side, which was a good time to whack an opponent or two.

This time, we’ve learned the boss isn’t too happy about how NAB is going about its business. And it’s revealed several things to us, besides the obvious.

First, the media has been neutralised. Its ability to cause real trouble for a government is gone.

There, fault originally lies with the boys: they decided independence — raucous, self-serving, manipulated media independence — was a step too far.

Once the boys intervened, the government got its chance. Soon enough, hyper partisanship was the name of the game. Which makes hysteria less effective.

So now — Nawaz snarls at NAB, the media goes into a frenzy, and most everyone else yawns. You can’t really know what the truth is because you already know which side everyone is on.

Second, the outburst revealed the extent to which Nawaz has been captured — or allowed himself to be captured — by bureaucrats.

Go over the original words. He was aggrieved that NAB was scaring bureaucrats. Not letting them do their job; interfering willy-nilly.

It’s like government of the bureaucrats, for the bureaucrats, by the bureaucrats. That’s never a good thing — for democracy or politicians themselves. Nawaz’s insularity is at its peak.

Third, Nawaz doesn’t much care for the rules. The NAB probing is partly rooted in an old political problem: trying to get too much done too quickly without the regular checks and balances.

Big-ticket items — flagship infrastructure projects — this government is so proud of are hard to get off the ground. Not impossible, but really difficult.

The rules are byzantine, the agencies many and the traps countless. There’s always someone around to say no and another three people to explain why.

But Nawaz — and the brother in Punjab — is impatient. Politics is about results, not rules.

So short cuts are taken and trouble is created — partly because the system is broken and partly because there’s no interest in reforming it.

Fourth, the guy at the top seems to think everyone around him is like him. Possibly a rupee trillionaire by now, there’s no real impulse for Nawaz to line his pockets.

The brother in Lahore is nowhere near as wealthy, but he’s rich enough — and money isn’t what seems to really make him tick.

What the brothers are doing, they believe they’re doing for the greater good. Which makes them bristle at corruption probes — it is to question the basis of all that they now think they stand for.

Five, not everyone around them is like the Brothers Sharif. This is obvious enough — or should be.

If you’re not already a billionaire or trillionaire, there’s incentive to stick your hand in the cookie jar. And maybe too if you already are a billionaire.

The system is so big, the opportunities so many, the temptation so great that only a fool would believe that there’s nothing going on at all.

Corruption exists because corruption makes sense — the upside is great, the downsides few, especially when the system is broken and your boss has your back.

Put all of that together and we’re still left with that one, big old question: how to get the pols to do the right thing?

The most obvious route is gone. Were Iftikhar Chaudhry still around, he would have roared and suo motu-ed his way to the centre of things. We’d either have a new NAB or a rejuvenated old one.

Parliament is compromised. The old opposition, ie the PPP, is worried about itself; the new opposition, ie the PTI, is caught between radicalism and the status quo. And the government — well, we already know what the government is thinking.

Scandal could be a catalyst — but the media is compromised. Without a credible vehicle to flog scandal, scandal loses its effect. So even if scandal arrives, it likely won’t go very far.

Which leaves — the boys. And that brings us full circle. The boys know how to work institutions, but the pols know the boys can’t fix institutions.

Essentially, the boys have a hammer, but the pols hold the strings.

Which means a scalp or two may be got and stuff at the margins curbed, but the game, the greater game, will go on.

It’s good to be a politician again. Unless Raheel has something up his sleeve.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 21st, 2016

The plane and the bus

SOME stuff is winding down, other is gearing up, some winding on, so let’s just get to it.

Pick up a newspaper, flip on the TV, indulge in gossip de rigueur and it’s all pretty much been PIA, PIA, PIA.

It’s like Zarb-i-Azb was rolled into a general election and multiplied by a coup. Folk have been obsessed.

Let’s assume it wasn’t PIA. It was a bunch of striking public-sector teachers or railways employees or the teeming government basic staffers.

Why?

Partly, the N-League did what the N-League does best — got ugly on labour. Partly, the deaths and the spectacle of protest made for arresting TV and wanton comment.

Partly, aeroplanes still fascinate and airlines inspire awe in a poor-ish country. PIA is impossible to ignore. But that doesn’t quite capture it. Folk have been obsessed — like their lives depended on it.

What gives?

At the end of the day, it’s just a few thousand jobs in a bloated, ugly state. Jobs that are vital for those who hold them, but hardly of systemic import.

It’s not like, y’know, the railways. Or Wapda. Now those are big numbers.

And billions in losses stacked up on historical billions in losses make for some riveting reading and frenzied dilation, but who are we kidding — the numbers don’t really matter in the bigger picture of a wasteful state.

The PIA numbers, per year, aren’t like, y’know, the power sector or fuel or crop pricing. And yet — a frenzy.

Kinda like the never-receding talk about the Sharifs’ beloved metro buses. Folk seem to lose their minds.

It’s class. Rich vs poor; the priorities that matter over those that ought to; a confluence of uncoordinated, but entrenched opinions on where the state should spend our money and why.

Invoke class and there are some usual reactions: from eye rolls to scoffing dismissals to yeah, that’s where explanations go when what’s true and right are deemed subordinate.

But turn it around. Let’s assume it wasn’t PIA. It was a bunch of striking public-sector teachers or railways employees or the teeming government basic staffers.

The kind of disruption that, y’know, wouldn’t immediately and necessarily impact the folk consumed by an airline shutdown. A frenzy then? Surely not.

Un-coincidentally, the kind of people who fly and are affected, immediately or in general, by an airline shutdown are also the ones who tend to tell us what’s important and what isn’t; what’s the news and what’s extraneous.

All strikes, ergo, are not equal. It’s not about numbers or humanity, it’s about how it impacts the folk bringing the news — and those consuming it.

Which — surprise! — isn’t as big a universe as all the people outside it.

Forget the numbers for a minute. Next time you’re at an airport, have a look at the flight schedule, domestic and foreign.

We’re 200 million people, but you can fit all the flights on most days into a regular-sized TV screen or one of those old-fashioned rolling-over flight info displays.

Our biggest airports have roughly the same number of international flights in a day that a regional airport in a developed city has in an hour.

Or just look at the Khi-Isb schedule. One, the biggest commercial city in the country, on a size to rival, and often dwarf, the big boys globally.

The other the political capital of a country where cronyism and access dominate the formal sector, a $250bn jackpot.

But pitch all the numbers together, private airlines and PIA, and you have a daily Khi-Isb-Khi flight schedule that is dwarfed by any remotely similar city combination in China or India.

And yet, PIA was all that mattered. For days. And weeks. For the government. For parliament. For the media. For, we were told, the country itself.

Not really.

You can see the same effect with the metro bus. The rage it has attracted is in some ways an inversion of the demands with PIA: where folk want PIA fixed, no matter the cost, no matter the jobs lost or gained or suspended, they want the metro bus dismantled because it costs too much and to hell with a single job it has created or commuter it has helped.

But think of this: possibly every single word you have ever read about the metro bus or heard on a news channel has been written or uttered by someone who will never, ever use the metro bus. Nor do they even expect that their kids ever will.

The most informed opinions on the metro bus are exactly the cohort that will never use the metro bus, doesn’t want to use it and has little in common with anyone intrigued by or dependent on a metro bus as an actual mode of transport.

Exactly the cohort that will be outraged by billions — billions! — spent a on a bus, but will admiringly discuss the number of air bridges and blingy facilities in a new airport.

Ever hear anyone talk of what the next Islamabad airport will eventually cost? No? But legions can rattle of the numbers — billions! — the metro bus has cost.

Why the metro bus matters though is for another number: the daily commutes on it. And because of the positive political spillover.

A simple question: are metro-bus users more likely voters or PIA sufferers? So if you’ve ever heard a politician denounce the metro bus, you’ve see a politician deeply aware of the bus’s political impact — and worried about his own political standing.

Step back and it’s possible to see the link between hating the metro bus and obsessing over PIA: a privileged class that practises reverse distribution and has perfected the cover-up that it’s in everyone’s interest.

But then, it’s easier to obsess over PIA. And the bus.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 14th, 2016

It’s not about PIA

WHY PIA? Why privatisation? And why now? Everyone’s got a story, but the basic version goes something like this:

The PML-N is a bunch of robber barons, out to sell the national silver. The PPP are a bunch of incompetents who think the federal kitty is their personal distribution fund. And the PTI are a bunch of awkward opportunists, torn between corporate sense and political opportunity.

It’s a good story and — like most good stories — it tends to circle around the truth. But buried in the PIA fiasco are some old lessons and new realities of politics.

First — the money thrown at PIA doesn’t matter. Not in any serious financial way. A few billion here, a chunk there, it doesn’t even amount to a rounding error in the vast waste and pilferage that is the Pakistani state.

The billions that everyone likes to talk about only matter when spewed out of context. Fix PIA, sell PIA, do whatever the hell you like with PIA, and it won’t change the basic maths of a decrepit state. And selling PIA has little to do with changing the basic maths of a decrepit state.

Second — this isn’t the old PML-N, determined to sell everything. In fact, this is a PML-N determined to expand the footprint of the state — from metro buses to orange lines to government-steered power projects.

The PPP’s response to the PIA debacle has been predictable — and you know the fire and brimstone is linked to the goings-on in Sindh.

So, what happened? Has Nawaz changed? Arguably, economically, he’s the same guy — it’s circumstances that have changed. Back in the ’90s, there was no money at home and neoliberalism was the rage internationally. Back then, selling stuff to pay the bills made sense.

So the PML-N — and the PPP — embraced privatisation. Anything to pay the bills — it’s really the first thing that any prime minister, and every finance minister, has to contend with in a state where expenditure chronically outstrips revenues.

Nobody thought of it then and no one saw it coming, but the privatisations of the ’90s made it possible to be ambivalent about privatisation today. It’s the banks.

Back in the day, no money meant no money. The big banks were all government-owned and the government couldn’t very well borrow from itself without getting in trouble with international players.

Post-privatisation, the banks are the best damn source of easy money in the world. Government needs money? Hit up a private bank. They’ll roll out the red carpet in the morning and be on the golf course by mid-afternoon.

The gigantic — and relatively new — private bank network has eased the federal impulse to sell, sell, sell — and blocked the very process that the private banks were some of the original beneficiaries of.

Aha, but that’s a heck of a mess this week for something Nawaz doesn’t really want to do, you’re thinking. Surely, there’s more.

And here’s where the old mixes with the new. Who’s to blame and how much depends on what you think of the economy and reforms — and class.

First, we’re only seeing this just now because the IMF has squeezed us. It’s a classic case of waiting too long and then squeezing too much — with predictable consequences.

Nearing the end of the programme, thinking that Pakistan may want another one, concerned that it has nothing big to show for three years of midwifing, the IMF decided to draw the line.

The IMF may even have thought it was being clever — PIA is something that the PML-N is willing enough to privatise and that it could try and sell as a political success. But the IMF doesn’t understand politics — or politicians.

Which leads to us to the PML-N — demand it do something on your timeline when it is feeling confident, and you’re only going to collect a bunch of tears. It could be arrogance, but part of you has to wonder whether it’s deliberate.

From here, after this week, the government can turn to the IMF and say, look, guys, we tried, we really did. But look what happened. It’s very unfortunate. Please be reasonable.

If the IMF stands its ground and still demands immediacy, the government can unleash its minions — look, the IMF are monsters; they don’t care about Pakistan or Pakistanis.

And if the protests die down and the government wins, it can argue that it has saved precious rupees and turned around a national institution — with the gratefulness of the middle classes who don’t use railways or care much about buses.

Not too shabby if you happen to be in government and are the PML-N.

But none of that will change the basic impulse: this government is, like all others before it, primarily about figuring out how to keep the state fiscally afloat — not reforms or job creation. Nor is there any real pressure for change.

The PPP’s response to the PIA debacle has been predictable — and you know the fire and brimstone is linked to the goings-on in Sindh. This version of the PPP cares about as much for labour and unions as it does a 1980s Pajero.

As for the PTI — it’s getting its politics in shape again and, come election time, maybe that’s all that’ll matter. If the N-League does it, it must be wrong — seems ugly, but could be effective. If you were the PTI just now, you’d take it too.

A relatively confident government with space to manoeuvre; a fading opposition with nothing to contribute; and a rising power with only politics on its mind — it could have been a scenario for real reform.

But who’s going to tell the PML-N that? And why should it listen?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 7th, 2016

Three men, three questions

YOU gotta hand it to Raheel. He really does do things his way. A general quitting two-thirds of the way in, a full 10 months before retirement? Now that’s Naya Pakistan.

And yet, it makes a certain kind of sense.

He may not like it and it may not be deliberate, but the edifice of Raheel’s term has been built on being the anti-Kayani.

And everything Kayani did was defined by the extension.

The extension washed away Kayani’s first three years, the first two of which are comparable to Raheel’s, and it made everything he did or didn’t do after irrelevant.

It’s easy to forget now, but before Zarb-i-Azb there was Rah-i-Rast. And Swat was quickly followed by Rah-i-Nijaat, up in South Waziristan.

It’s easy to forget now, but before the dharna there was the Kayani moment. When the PML-N was converging on Islamabad and Iftikhar Chaudhry was still a household name.

Like Raheel at the height of the dharna, Kayani chose not to take over during the long march.

It’s easy to forget now, but Kayani followed semi-depoliticisation with a return to core interests — the army itself, national security and key foreign policies.

But the extension —that’s what defined him. And it also constrained him.

Raheel has to know that. Right now, he’s got nowhere to go but down. He could win some more victories against terror, but what’s more against the same?

Unless he did something big on India, there’s not much new he could bring to the game.

And there is the internal dimension.

It’s easy to believe that Kayani was sunk by public opinion over the extension. But it really was his own who did him in. The rank and file didn’t like the extension and the generals resented it.

Had Raheel stayed on, it would have been a step worse than Kayani. Back then, a short three years ago, the boys were just beginning to digest their counter-insurgency prowess and starting to think about counterterrorism.

He may not like it and it may not be deliberate, but the edifice of Raheel’s term has been built on being the anti-Kayani.

Now, it’s 11 years since they’ve being doing this. A half generation of battle-hardened GOCs and major generals and corps commanders. To snub them now, no matter who you are, would be to tempt the gods.

But what’s done is done. Parse it as much as you want and you’re still left with a feeling that he’s done it because Raheel is Raheel. You’ve gotta hand it to him.

Onwards then. Three questions we’re left with. For Raheel, for Nawaz and for the successor.

Ten months is a long time. With his fate determined, Raheel is now a Pakistani unicorn — the all-powerful leader who can spend his final stretch in office on his terms.

No more second-guessing, no rumour mills, no more wondering what it really means — just plain business. Where he decides to spend the political capital he’s earned will matter.

If it’s new frontline stuff, he’ll likely get nowhere. On Karachi, all that has to be done is to wait him out. On the political front, anyway.

In Punjab — a picture has said everything. Nawaz and his boys will decide what gets done in their province.

In Fata, there’s nowhere left to go. On India, he doesn’t have the time. On Afghanistan, he’s already played his cards.

Which leaves his pet project — NAP. The months ahead are nicely set up for a few meaningful interventions.

The clues are already there — terror financing, Fata reforms, return of IDPs and military-court prosecutions. Expect some more activity there. And, if he really wants to pull a surprise — Balochistan.

Second question. What will Nawaz do? Last time, he dithered. Kayani announced early October that he was going home, but Nawaz didn’t pick his successor until late November.

This time, Nawaz has two advantages. One, he’s got two picks to make — because of his dithering last time both the COAS and CJCSC retire the same day this time. That means the option to kick one guy upstairs.

Two, he can repeat the Raheel experiment — waiting until the end and picking the chap who did nothing at all; no lobbying, no preening, no leaking, nothing.

If Nawaz gets the selection right, the next bit should be easy enough — the rules of cohabitation have largely been figured out.

But there will be a difference — a year and change into his new job, at the height of his power, the new chief will watch a general election unfold.

An election in which Nawaz would be going for a fourth term, and the PML-N for a historic 10 years at the centre and 15 in Punjab.

Nawaz may be tempted to fiddle.

Third question. The successor. He can’t go back on the fight against militancy. The boys are all-in. Nor would it make sense to.

But there is one area where Raheel may have stretched out ahead of the rest — Afghanistan.

Afghanistan is a mess, a dangerous mess — and Raheel has, from the contrarian view, tried too much, too fast. For very little in return.

The sanctuaries in eastern Afghanistan are more menacing than ever. The Afghan government hasn’t been able to get its act together. The Americans are as desultory as ever.

What’s the alternative? Pull back, double down on the old approach. Or at least, if Afghanistan does go to hell, don’t do anything to leave us out of favour with the Taliban.

Three men, three questions — but an old caveat. Events. They have a funny habit of intervening.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 31st, 2016

The Afghan connection

SO, now what? Let’s be realistic about the terribleness. Realistic, admittedly, as only non-victims can be.

It was Charsadda. It was a fraction of APS. And it wasn’t little kids. It’s a troubling assumption, but we can only assume they’d rather have hit something else.

Another APS. A proper military school. Maybe a mall. Probably a big city. But revenge was wrought on a place most of us can’t locate on a map.

Who in this world really believes that Afghanistan will ever be stable? Now or possibly ever?

Yet, it’s an old pattern. When they can’t get to the hits they really want, they go after something else. When hard targets become difficult, they go for soft ones.

When schools become better protected, they’ll hit a mall. When airbases become impossible, they’ll go back to bus stands.

But Charsadda is important. Because not all terrorist attacks are the same. Know what happened in Khyber a day before? Or was it Peshawar? Quetta wasn’t even a blip.

All lives may be equal, but terrorism knows the difference. A small hit on a hard target in Karachi equals a big hit on a soft target in Charsadda.

An attack that takes out a large number of soldiers equals an attack that takes out a few kids. And there’s nothing — nothing — like a fidayeen attack on children.

It is the purest form of terror. For obvious reasons. They aren’t dying in a second. Not like in an explosion. They see the terror. They know what’s coming. They watch their friends die.

Here’s the question, though: the Taliban seem to have figured us out, but have we figured them out?

The most frightening part of Charsadda wasn’t the attack — it was the response. Not the QRFs and the ISPR pressers. But where instantly it was decided the attack came from: Afghanistan. And because who was blamed: Umar Mansour.

The heart sinks when you hear Afghanistan. Not because of NDS or RAW or whatever else is fashionable to blame. For a more straightforward reason: who in this world really believes that Afghanistan will ever be stable? Now or possibly ever?

And even if Afghanistan is ever stable, just look at the border in the east. It is a border like no other. Barbed, fenced, mined, locked-down; soldiers and patrols ready to shoot anyone, no questions asked. And yet Pathankot happened.

If Pathankot can happen 68 years in, what in the hell is the possibility of thwarting a serious attack from Afghanistan — now or ever?

And then there’s the guy who’s been blamed: Umar Mansour. Umar who?

Not all threats from Afghanistan can’t be dismantled. Back in the day, there was a Riaz Basra and an Akram Lahori.

They terrorised Punjab before decamping to Afghanistan. Khost, as legend has it. That’s where our pals, the Haqqanis, were hanging out. Back when the Taliban were in charge.

(We’ll come back to that.)

But they were eventually taken out and difficult to replace. A Riaz Basra is not born everyday.

Umar Mansour is scary because he’s a nobody. Not in a terrorist sense. He sounds like a terrible man. Scary in a replication sense.

Before Umar Mansour there was Maulana Fill-in-the-blanks X. After Umar Mansour, there’ll be a Mullah Fill-in-the-blanks Y. Umar Mansour is like your eternal Al Qaeda No 3s.

There’ll always be another Umar Mansour.

When wickedness is dreamt up in Afghanistan and executed by an eminently replaceable sort, what hope, really, is there for stability in Pakistan?

And here’s where the unpleasant question needs to be asked. What in the hell kind of Afghanistan are we trying to recreate?

Sure, the Americans decided they wanted no part of it any longer and are willing to cut whatever deal possible. Sure, the Afghan government knows it’s mired in the impossible and wants any deal it can get before state collapse.

Sure, Pakistan has been earnest and helpful in the quest for a deal. But what in God’s name are we really doing? Just work through it.

Right now, the Afghan government is unable or unwilling to sort out the anti-Pakistan militants who’ve found sanctuary in its eastern provinces. Fine.

They — the Afghan government — want something from us just now, so that gives us leverage. That’s why Raheel can ring up Kabul to demand and the Americans to complain.

They have to listen, we have to deal; it’s a win-win scenario — right now. But let’s imagine a deal gets made.

Afghanistan is either effectively carved up or the Taliban are given a bunch of seats in Kabul. Then what, re our enemies in Afghanistan?

The incentive for the Afghan government — the non-Taliban elements — to help us out would disappear. They’ll have what they want and they’ll probably tell us to go talk to the Taliban.

It would even make some kind of sense — after all, the terror threat to Pakistan from Afghan soil would mostly emanate from areas our friends, the Taliban, are either controlling or influential in.

So, over to the Taliban we’ll go. Guys, help us out.

At that point, what’s their incentive to help us out? They’d have outlasted two superpowers, won power a decade-and-a-half apart and need us less than ever.

And, let’s not forget, we’d be asking them to crush their ideological companions. The very folk who, most recently, would have helped them fight against IS and the like.

Why would they do it? And what would be our leverage if they don’t want to?

Yes, but what’s the alternative, the boys here will ask. Well, have a look at Charsadda and ask yourself this:

Is faux-stability in Afghanistan worth horror in Pakistan?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 24th, 2016

Saudi-Iran

INTERVENE! Stay neutral! Mediate! Think pipeline. Think oil. Don’t get involved. We’re already involved. Stay united. They’ve fractured us already.

Everyone’s got an opinion on Saudi-Iran. Most think Nawaz would sell us down the river to the Saudis in a heartbeat. He owes them his life; he’s spiritually close to them; his business empire is at stake; yada yada.

Some think it’s the boys who are set on the Saudis. They financed the bomb; they got us out of a financial hole when we tested the bomb. They have the money, we have the talent and manpower. It’s win-win.

What happens later, happens later; for now, all that matters is that we didn’t have to seem defiant.

On Iran, there’s less speculation — and more uncertainty. Do we like them? Do they like us? Basically, a shrug more than a hug. Except for that Zardari chap. He tried to gin up the relationship. But he got nowhere and pissed off the other camp.

Beyond that, there’s very little known — or said. You can see why. Saudi-Iran is about as toxic a binary as you can come up with. Tread carefully; talk in code; don’t get in trouble.

With that in mind, let’s gingerly try and unpack this — because it matters much.

Start with the latest. The boy-prince came and there was some trepidation in the highest circles. What was he going to demand? How furious would he be? How much trouble were we in?

But he was all smiles, both in front of the cameras and behind closed doors. Turns out he also wanted to talk about investment and the like. There was a collective sigh of relief.

The Saudis either wield a stick or toss around fistfuls of dollars. Usually, the stick means immediate demands; dollars means they’ll ask for their pound of flesh later.

Given the choice, the boys and the civilians were relieved it was the latter — what happens later, happens later; for now, all that matters is that we didn’t have to seem defiant.

Expect soon to hear about big new Saudi money coming our way. And then the worried speculation about what the pay-off is really for.

On the boys’ front, there’s interest here in the stuff the crown prince has pioneered and innovated in — counterterrorism and counter-extremism. Expect NAP to emulate some of the stuff Saudi has attempted.

Maybe turning an internment centre or two into one of those Saudi rehabilitation prisons and turning to families and stipends to wean young men off jihad.

With Iran it’s a little more complicated. Everyone wants to believe it’s all Saudi all the time, but the Americans have their say too.

From overruling the gas pipeline to turning the screws on a bank for playing footsie with the Iranians, what America wants sometimes gets blamed on the Saudis.

Then there’s us too — rather, the boys’ suspicions. The space the Iranians have carved out in Afghanistan, their gaze on Balochistan and the stuff they’re building along our border with them in the name of fighting drugs — the sectarian stuff isn’t always at the top of the list, as often assumed.

But why pretend. Of course there’s the S-word — both of them. With Iran breaking out of sanctions, there’ll be a joint attempt at ratcheting up the bilateral ties. But it’ll be hard, possibly impossibly so.

Because — why risk the guaranteed munificence of the Saudis for the uncertain rewards of doing business with Iran? And does a Sunni-majority state really align with a Shia theocracy nostalgic about an empire past?

No and no. The logic is powerful. Fantasies about redefining the national interest don’t do well against powerful logic. It is what it is.

Now, on to the toxic stuff. What, really, is the possibility of the S-word exploding here? Are we really a powder keg?

Not really. Arguably, rather than fearing the demography, the demographic breakdown is a stabiliser and a brake.

First, the smaller sect is in a good zone when it comes to the percentages — it’s not small enough to be crushed and it’s not large enough to fantasise about rebellion or taking over.

Second, the sects are spatially mixed. One region versus the rest of the country is not a worry here. The populations rub up against each other everywhere. GB is the only minority-sect majority zone.

And the GB experience is interesting. For a while, there was definite tampering with the demography there. Today, it is more troubled than it ever should have been. But two factors have worked to limit the damage: the NLI and China.

By recruiting locally, the military has an interest in keeping a lid on sectarian tensions. You don’t want the communities from which troops are drawn to see you as the enemy.

And China — the powers-that-be here can’t whip up too much volatility on their best friend’s western doorstep. So, even in the place where social re-engineering was attempted, there have been limits.

Third, the state itself is mixed up. In the bureaucracy, in parliament, in the police, among the judiciary — there’s no radical marginalisation of the smaller sect. That limits loopy ideas.

Put one, two and three together and it doesn’t make for an immediate powder keg or knife edge. Clearly, there are problems and tensions. But are we a collective loony bin just one misstep away from self-immolation? No.

Understanding and accepting that is the right starting point to figuring out a role for ourselves in the unholy mess Saudi-Iran has become again. Yes, we should be concerned, deeply so. But viscerally terrified about an explosion here? We’re not there yet.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 17th, 2016

After Pathankot

RIGHT. The bright side first. At least nobody’s pretending this didn’t originate in Pakistan. It’s all about actionable intelligence and resolve and whatnot. But it isn’t about denial.

That’s a kind of progress. Remember when Mumbai happened? False flag! Kasab was an Indian, and a Hindu to boot. It’s impossible for a bunch of armed men to get in a boat and sail to Mumbai. More Indian lies!

This time it’s been different. Sure, there was the usual derisiveness when Pathankot began. The smarty-pants logic was quickly trotted out: how can the Indians already know who did it when they weren’t even able to figure it was about to happen?

After all, every good citizen loves a good jihadi. New friends could be regaled with wondrous stories in the corner teashop at night.

But the pantomime seemed half-hearted. If it looks like it’s from Pakistan and sounds like it’s from Pakistan, then it’s probably from Pakistan. The powers-that-be haven’t been keen to push a different story or line of denial.

Pathankot originated here and talk has quickly turned to what we’re going to do about it. It is a kind of progress. Same goes for the other side.

Go over it again. Some chaps hopped across the international border — the international border! — and waged war on a full-fledged Indian military base and India hasn’t threatened to wage war on us.

Instead, Indians are beating up on their government for its incompetence in killing off the attack. And still the Indian government — this Indian government! — hasn’t tried to deflect attention by beating up on Pakistan.

It makes so much joyous sense that you can scarcely believe it. Two mature responses by two sides from whom you expect anything but. Now, to the not-so-good news: nobody really knows what to do about this.

The possibilities are several, but also rather straightforward. The chaps who hopped across the border did it on their own. Mad men, angry and feeling betrayed. Wanting to let the world know they weren’t going to get away with this fake peace business.

Or they had help — someone, somewhere in the state apparatus either helped them or looked the other way while they went about their business. A rogue, ideological operation — Modi is a thug and Kashmir will never be forgotten.

Or it was authorised directly. The damn civilians are up to their tricks again and they need to be put back in their place. Hence an attack on a hard target; hit something soft and there may be all kinds of backlash everywhere.

But those possibilities also don’t really matter. It could be any of them and it still wouldn’t address the original problem: what do you do about the anti-India lot running around the country?

To assume it’s just a matter of will is to miss the point. Even if the will is there, there’s no real thinking been done about it. You can’t exactly NAP your way out of this one.

So far, the best the state has been able to come up with is cold storage. It is a halfway house, an approach forged by necessity in the Musharraf era. It works until it doesn’t — or it’s decided otherwise.

So you have long dry spells. Then, sometimes, you have a Mumbai or a Pathankot or a slight ratcheting up or down of cross-LoC infiltration. Cold storage works as long as the dry spells are long enough and the breaks aren’t too long or too damaging.

But it isn’t a policy. The policy options are two. The first is the one that you hear about occasionally: mainstreaming. Get them into politics, make them run after votes and office and the like and, in time, politics will do its magic.

You can see the lure of it. Politics makes you think you can influence policy while it forces you to shed the more overtly unpalatable stuff. So you can howl about religion and Kashmir being in the country’s DNA, but you can’t run training camps in plain sight.

The problem is that it’s hard to get them to bite. The jihad lot look down on politics and think poorly of democracy. Plus, they don’t want to be part of the mainstream — they want to make bend the mainstream to their will.

The other option is dissolution. The groups that we have out there, get the majority of the rank and file to slip back into society. Make them go back to their families. Give them a job or a stipend. Let society work as a balm.

Respect and honour would come their way. After all, every good citizen loves a good jihadi. New friends could be regaled with wondrous stories in the corner teashop at night.

For the leaderships, dissolution would mean keeping most of what they’ve collected. The money and funds and front offices. But not the literature and the training manuals and the stuff to execute it with. That would have to be deposited with the state.

But dissolution can’t be done by stealth. It would have to be something grand. Not an amnesty — that would be a humiliation. Something akin to a grand jirga — where past sacrifices are eulogised and future peace is welcomed.

See anyone around who can make that happen? Nope.

Which is why we’re still stuck with cold storage. Independent, rogue or directed — it matters only to the extent of what Pathankot was.

Beyond that is the bigger problem — if we ever do come to the point that we have to wrap up Jihad Inc, how the hell are we going to do it? And who’s going to do it?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 10th, 2016

The Nawaz way

IT may or may not get him the results, but at least he’s back in the game. Nawaz. A couple of months ago, Raheel was wiping the floor with him. Now, Nawaz is back. But how?

Team Nawaz, predictably, credits the man himself. He’s smarter than you think. He’s learned. He’s adapted. It’s the rest of us who haven’t caught on.

Maybe. But the rising arc of Nawaz has intersected with the faltering star of Raheel. Ex post — after the event — explanations tend to be a little cleaner than reality, but this is a story that writes itself.

It starts with that fateful press release and the weeklong trip to the US. Until then, the boys were kings, again. Raheel was a rock star and the country wanted to make him chief-for-life. He could do no wrong.

And then he did. It started out, as with most mistakes, innocently enough. He had gone to the PM and lobbied for more urgency on parts of the NAP. In military parlance, complementary actions were needed to solidify the battlefield gains.

It was true enough. The civilians weren’t doing enough and weren’t too pushed about doing more. But in high politics, the truth can sometimes be beside the point. Generals, especially the crusading types with an eye on the clock, can lose sight of that.

So the next day, back in the Council of Elders, surrounded by uniformed allies, the truth probably seemed more urgent than ever. Something had to be done to shake the civilians out of their stupor. For the greater good. For Pakistan. And so the ISPR put out that statement, the one with the bit about governance and such stuff.

Stable economy, internal security — Pakistan was looking good again. And suddenly Nawaz was everywhere again.

It made sense. Raheel was jetting off to the US for a week. It would give the civilians time to pull something or the other together and would go down well on his travels — look, America, we’re really serious about this fighting terror business; now give us some more stuff.

And for exactly that reason it didn’t make any sense. To anyone outside the bubble, anyway. There’s a thin line between chief extraordinaire and hectoring dictator. Pakistan wanted the former; Raheel seemed to be slipping towards the latter.

The slip coincided with the other guy’s rise. Nawaz had started to look prime ministerial again. Opponents were being dispatched right, left and centre. The public was topping up his political capital again.

By-election victories, local-government dominance — it really was PML-N, basically Nawaz, and then everyone else. It’s the one thing politicians have that generals don’t — they can recapitalise with a fresh, legitimate mandate even after a poor spell.

It may seem unfair if you’re a spectacularly successful general, but that’s the deficiency of democracy — it lets the civilians rise again. Especially if circumstances are going their way.

Stable economy, internal security — Pakistan was looking good again. And suddenly Nawaz was everywhere again, inaugurating this project and initiating that scheme and making folk think — maybe his priorities are wrong, but stuff sure is looking right. Go Nawaz.

Still, a faltering star and a rising arc don’t quite make for all that seems to have come together. There is also a personal dynamic.

While outsiders mutter about Nawaz’s weight and droopy demeanour, insiders talk of a prime ministerial mien. He may not go late into the night or work over weekends, but he’s developed his own approach: the marathon meetings.

It’s worked particularly well with the boys. Long meetings, running into the hours, listening patiently, allowing everyone to speak, interjecting occasionally — and then doing it all over again.

Another long meeting, same topic, same issues, circling round and round the same things. He doesn’t say yes, he doesn’t say no — it’s seemingly the anti-thesis of decisive leadership.

But civ-mil isn’t about ruthless competition and hard-charging CEOs; it’s about sussing out red lines — and that’s where the Nawaz approach has worked particularly well. Because it’s never a one-shot game.

So, like with the Karachi operation, the PM hints about priorities and focus and narrowness of goals, but also green lights some of the more overtly political aspects of the operation. Eventually, because of the real world reaction or the boys’ inability to make dream and reality meet, a course correction becomes necessary. The civilian advice seems sensible.

But because of that round-and-round-and-then-round-again approach, the boys aren’t humiliated and don’t feel outwitted. It seems more natural. An almost-cooperative outcome. The Nawaz way.

There’s a fourth peg, though: Raheel himself. The man seems hesitant. Has he been shackled by cohabitation — the institutional decision of the boys to not take over, but to control the national security agenda? Or is he undone by the politics of his job?

The November tumble is emblematic. He pushed first, but when the civilians pushed back, he didn’t seem to have a counter. It turned out the worst of all worlds — a chief whose nerves had to be soothed by the civilians.

Weeks later, Nawaz moved on India — and the military has had to follow. The NSA change seems a miscalculation too — the boys thought they had got themselves a direct line to the outside world; instead, it’s Nawaz who’s gone into full foreign-minister mode.

He gave them a seat, but then grabbed hold of the conversation — a ruse so subtle that you can scarcely believe it’s Nawaz. But there he is, strutting about like the dual PM and FM that he ministerially is.

It may or may not last. But 2016 could be Nawaz’s best year since 2013. A three-term prime minister enjoying a mid-term boom — who said this place is so predictable?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 3rd, 2016

The Nawaz and Modi show

WELL, who saw that coming? But now that we have seen it, there’s a big little question — does it make any sense? The reluctant, preliminary answer: it doesn’t really.

Welcome as an Indian PM is in Pakistan and enthusiastic as our PM was to host him, you get the sense that neither really understands all the moving parts and endless strands that is Pak-India.

The good news? It’s South Asia — rules don’t always apply here. And both Nawaz and, now, Modi seem willing to try the unconventional.

Let’s try and unpack this. Buried in the bilateral relationship since Mumbai has been a quite vexing question: how to move on from Mumbai?

There was, of course, a simple answer: Pakistan should get the Pindi anti-terrorism trials done and maybe muzzle Hafiz Saeed a bit.

But there was a problem: the boys wouldn’t agree. You could see why: you can’t squeeze your asset at the behest of the enemy the asset was recruited to fight against.

In the ugly parlance of dialogue, the low-hanging fruit can’t be plucked by wattage and theatre alone.

So the more India insisted that Mumbai must be the starting point, the more Pakistan dug in its heels. It was, unhappily, logical. Which caused an impasse.

Leaving one other option: India should move on from Mumbai. Accept it for what it was — as seen from a security prism here: a terrible thing that happened, but not something the entire relationship could be held hostage to.

Basically, a version of stuff happens; this is the world we live in, now let’s be grown-ups about it. But that needed time and a Modi. Manmohan was too close to Mumbai — it happened on his watch. And his partner over in Pakistan was the novice Zardari, who was reviled at home.

Modi doesn’t suffer from the softness problem. It’s the advantage all right-wingers, and the boys, here have. Plus, most of the attack dogs are theirs anyway.

Do something dramatic from the right, and it’s harder to make the accusation of un-patriotism stick. But if time and the right credentials work in Modi’s favour, that still doesn’t explain the strategy. Or make any apparent.

Clearly, he has a solid exit. If this blows up in his face, he can turn to the world and say, look, I tried. I put my reputation on the line. You just can’t trust Pakistanis.

But you can sense that’s inadequate. Modi had that excuse when Nawaz went to his inauguration in Delhi. It would have earned him many more diplomatic brownie points to go for peace then.

But we all know what Modi did. He spurned Nawaz, was scornful of the boys and dreamt up his one-point agenda: terrorism.

In terms of strategy, that actually made more sense: isolate Pakistan on the terrorism issue and keep it on the defensive internationally. Especially since there’s no suggestion that the military here is eager to talk.

For a while it seemed to work. Pakistan flailed around, dredging up Kashmir and dreaming up the dossiers. It was high-risk stuff by the Indians, but in a relationship still defined by Mumbai, it’s not like there were any good options.

Then, it seems, fate intervened. Modi and his allies reverted to type at home. Communalism soared. News from India was one ugly story after another. No more was Pakistani perfidy the issue. The official line had been eclipsed.

Boom — Paris. Quickly, Bangkok; Heart of Asia. And now Raiwind.

It will be spun as a new configuration: India having a direct line to the boys via the NSA and Nawaz solidifying his pre-eminence on the civilian side. But we’ve all seen too much of Pak-India to believe that.

And that’s the first problem with this new phase: if it is domestic Indian troubles causing India to change course on the external front, then what does that say about the determination and purposefulness on the Indian side?

For things to move on Pak-India, you really do need theatre and wattage. Without top-down pressure, the bottom-up won’t change. But there has to be a plan. Wattage and theatre don’t impress the entrenched bureaucracies and institutional interests on both sides.

If you just turn it over to the foreign secretaries and ask them to get stuff done, there’s nothing they’ll love more. The notes and positions have long been memorised and are recited with ease.

In the ugly parlance of dialogue, the low-hanging fruit can’t be plucked by wattage and theatre alone. We saw it with the Composite Dialogue. While Pakistan cleverly tried to suggest Siachen could be resolved, it was really Sir Creek that made the most sense.

That is, until you watched the naval folk with their maps and coordinates trot out their positions. You could end up feeling Israel-Palestine is easier to solve. So if Modi is doing this for domestic reasons, you can bet the resistance domestically will be even greater.

And Nawaz — good man, got the right idea and is determined to boot. But this Jindal business suggests he may still not get it. He tried it via Shahbaz early on and was slapped down.

On Afghanistan too we saw his preference for the informal and personal with Achakzai as his emissary. That went nowhere either.

You can see why he tries it — the boys control the formal channels. And for precisely that reason you can see why he keeps getting slapped down — the informal channels are harder to control.

Maybe Modi and Nawaz do know what they’re doing. But in this business would you bet against the boys?

A clue may lie in the answer to this: about the Lahore stopover, were the boys informed or were they asked? We’ll know soon enough.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 27th, 2015

The upswing

THIS is what it looks like. Muddling through. But it’s easy to miss when you’re in the middle of it.

This was the year that everything changed. APS made it possible. Never again would the Taliban scare us. We would fight them anywhere we found them. In the name of the martyrs.

But we were already fighting them. Counter-insurgency was at a historic, inarguable peak. Zarb-i-Azb was six months old; Khyber-I had been launched in Oct. There was, literally, nowhere left to go in Fata. The boys had not waited for and did not need universal backing.

There’s something odd about the smartest militants — they are horrifically violent. It’s where their cleverness comes undone.

But it helps to portray it that way. So we have this ex-post, after the event, tweaking of the story. It all began with APS. Pakistan would never be the same.

But it will. And it is. Because all we’re seeing is the flip side of muddling through. Muddling through is about a band — no catastrophe from which we can’t recover, never a situation from which we can escape to a better paradigm.

A band that stretches and contracts, alternately scaring and thrilling us, but that never breaks. At least not yet. To see it for what it is, it helps to start at the beginning of the cycle.

The Taliban had arrived and there were two big unknowns. What if they were really smart? And, on our side, what if we were unable or unwilling to fight them?

For a while, both looked true. Which made hearts sink and fear spike. We were losing our country and our minds. It was terminal.

Then both ends changed. The Taliban didn’t prove as smart or clever as we feared they may be. For the most part, they were rudimentary and gormless.

There were some who were dangerously smart. Frighteningly so. Like the chap from Swat and some of the guys from Mohmand. The second-generation TTP types, who knew technology and understood the power of propaganda.

But there’s something odd about the smartest militants — they are horrifically violent. It’s where their cleverness comes undone. The violence they exhort and perpetrate is so grotesque that it makes the skin crawl of everyone else. Like APS did.

So, either not the brightest or freakishly violent — that limits what the Taliban can achieve, in an existential, take-over-the-state sense. They become a part of the muddle.

The other side is the state itself. The capability to fight wasn’t the main problem. It would take a while to learn how to fight militancy, but throw enough men and resources at the problem and only one side was going to prevail.

The fear — which made it hard to figure out that we were really on the downward slope of muddling through at the time — was that decades of courting Islamism had sapped the state’s will to fight.

Institutional interest dictated that we fight, but had we dabbled so much in religion that we had become the guys we had to fight? Until institutional interest asserted itself, there was real doubt.

Once it did, we were on an upswing again — bringing us to the present side of muddling through. Once again, rhetoric has raced ahead of reality. Pakistan has been saved! Never again! Go Green. Go army. Go Pakistan.

But, for those who care to look, it’s obvious that we have not been saved. There’s a ceiling to this upturn. And it’s built into the system that is muddling through.

To force a paradigm shift there are roughly three parts in the fight against militancy: counterterrorism, counter- insurgency and counter-extremism. But they can’t happen.

Because muddling through itself is a tripod, our own version of a system of checks and balances. One peg is the army. It has the ability to prevent an unravelling, but an unwillingness to let another institution lead.

That hampers counterterrorism, makes counter-extremism impossible and constrains the efficacy of counter-insurgency.

The other peg is the civilians. They are weak, but strong enough to prevent the army from ruling too long or projecting unlimited power. It is the very definition of muddling through.

Counter-insurgency can’t be completed — the civilian component is under-empowered and under-incentivised. Counter-extremism is a non-starter — it’s too complicated and involves too many moving parts to coordinate. And counterterrorism is too specialised, with capture by the army.

The third peg — that would be us, the population — is the one it’s least polite to talk about. Because it tends to be part of the problem. Both the boys and the civilians draw their legitimacy from the population and so both are respectful and fearful of it.

But that divided loyalty tends to reinforce muddling through. First, by picking democracy but supporting the boys’ interventions, the people’s preferences have the unintended effect of perpetuating the civ-mil imbalance.

Second, there’s a limit to what a state can do to progressively wipe out extremism. Take on too many mosques, too many madressahs and too many social welfare networks and the public will resist. Maybe not actively, but there will be reluctance to endorse.

The politicians know this. The boys know this. And there isn’t an anti-Zia among them to do anything about it. You can’t fix what the people don’t want you to address — what is problematic extremism to some is necessary, devout, non-violent belief to many.

And all of that that adds up to the upswing, the upside of muddling through — things have got better and will get better, but there is a ceiling. Who knows when we’ll hit it and who knows what the next downturn will look like.

But you can bet it will happen. Muddling through demands it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 20th, 2015

Between hope and despair

THERE’S hope and there’s despair and then there’s us — the yo-yos in between. Spinning from one extreme to the other, it can often seem — and sometimes is — bewildering. If we had a national motto, it could well be — what the hell was that?

Comprehensive dialogue with India? On top of internal stability and an economy not in a tailspin? It’s like we’ve hit the trifecta and didn’t even know we had a horse in the race.

Modi changed his mind, we’re told. Fine. But who changed ours? Or what was on our minds before we got into this?

Basically, what are the boys up to?

Remember, it seems only yesterday that Modi gifted us a military NSA. If it weren’t for Ufa, we’d still have a civilian in that job.

Ah, but you’re thinking the NSA switch was about Balochistan; the recently retired general having waded deep into the miasma there.

Well, no. But if you really want to believe that, there’s the curious case of Malik. The retired general had wanted him to stay on. But Malik is gone and Zehri is in. That’s not a very auspicious start for the new NSA and the boys backing him.

Plus, consider what’s happened on India. Full-spectrum talks tips things towards the civilians here.

If it’s just trade being discussed or terrorism or whatever, it’s easier to keep track of and shut down when too much happens too fast.

Modi ranting about terrorism and us going back to Kashmir is the core and raking up allegations of Indian interference suited the boys just fine.

Modi changed his mind, we’re told. Fine. But who changed ours?

It’s not like they’re in a hurry to talk or think there’s a lot that can get — or should — get done. Besides, there’s the internal fight and Afghanistan to attend to first.

If talks weren’t enough, things have switched from Modi being the spoiler to Mumbai being back on the agenda. It’s possible that nothing will happen on the Mumbai trials. But that will just remind the world who we are and whom we are clinging to. Nothing good can come of that.

Slice it any way you like, but this smells like a victory for the civilians. The down-and-out Sharif getting his way on something to do with India? The script sure wasn’t headed in this direction.

It may help to start with the basics. Zero talks — no talks at all — was not the boys’ preference to begin with.

Pak-India has a funny habit of spiralling downwards when things are standing still. The preferred option was doubling down on the security front and talking to India as equals. The security part is well on its way; full-spectrum deterrence balancing the alarm over the conventional gap.

Time — parity — has been bought. But the long-term trajectory is the same. There’s a need to see what can be got at the table before it’s too late.

That still doesn’t get us to comprehensive dialogue at this juncture though. Comprehensive is giddy stuff. Comprehensive is civilian stuff.

You can see where the mistake crept in: the dossiers. They were a blunder — never claw yourself into a corner.

The dossiers were an unnecessary innovation. Modi had reduced Pak-India to the one-point agenda of terrorism, so the boys wanted to make that a two-way street.

Sensitive to being labelled terror supporters and angry at the complications being caused in the righteous fight against the TTP and in Balochistan, it didn’t just seem like a clever response — it was the truth too.

But there was a vulnerability — if Modi dropped his one-point agenda and offered broader dialogue, it would be hard to force the civilians to reject the offer or prevent them from even broadening it.

Terror and security aren’t a priority for Nawaz — it’s not like he has a prayer of directly shaping policy there — but he wants to move fast on everything else: trade, travel, investment, sport, culture, whatever the hell he or anyone else interested in peace can dream up.

And his opportunity has come with a deadline that has hit the sweet spot: nine months to lay the ground for or unveil something big when Modi arrives.

Nine months is long enough to get agreement on some things, but short enough to push back against the usual resistance.

Nine months from now, the chief will be on the verge of retirement — assuming the schedule is adhered to — and a gaggle of potential successors will be vying for the prime ministerial nod, or the chosen one will be enjoying the fresh glow of a lifetime ambition achieved.

Nine months from now — assuming the succession schedule is not adhered to — the incumbent will be busy trying to justify grabbing an extension. Immediately using his veto on India would make him seem more dictator-like than ever.

Either way, the next nine months are the sweetest nine months of opportunity Nawaz may ever see.

But nine months is also long enough for us to yo-yo again. In the Modi-Nawaz-boys triangle, only one side seems reliable.

Modi? He could just as quickly change his mind again. The talks chimera could disappear as suddenly as it appeared.

Nawaz? For all his certainty on India he still seems to rely more on good fortune than sound strategy — at home and with India. It does not inspire confidence.

But the boys? They have the certainty of knowing what they want and the means to get it. Their veto is eternal and their bag of tricks heavy.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 13th, 2015

The terror threat

TERROR has a logic to it. Especially in the Pak-India context. It did in 2001 and it did again in 2008. It was, in the big picture, perhaps not to trigger war, but to defeat peace.

And it worked both times. The logic of terror in the Pak-India context is to keep the sensible lot apart, to keep the peacemakers away.

That infuses a perverse kind of inverse proportionality to terror: the worse ties are, the less likely is a calamitous terror strike.

But it doesn’t always work that way. And the logic of what’s recently unfolding in India should alarm — and probably is alarming — those whose jobs it is to keep Pakistan and India safe.

Fear and danger are unmistakably in the air.

The communal tensions across the border is likely stoking jihadi flames.

The communal tensions across the border is likely stoking jihadi flames — inside India, regionally, everywhere, and surely here at home too — just as Paris and now California have demonstrated that the old ways of terror are giving way to new, uncontrolled and unpredictable forces.

Because it’s an incendiary subject — and suspicions of state behaviour here so ingrained internationally — it’s helpful to revisit history.

Because where terror’s goal once may have been to retard peace and reap policy dividends, today, the fires being lit over in India are creating new incentives for evil and terror that may have little to do with state policy.

So let’s go back to 2001. In December, the Indian parliament is hit. India blames Pakistan and one thing leads to another and there’s a military stand-off along the border.

Pak-India relations plunge. Pakistan and India squabbling again and scaring the world again — nothing historically anomalous there.

But there was a context in 2001: there were some idiots around with peace on their mind who thought they could do something about it.

Agra had gone bust, but Musharraf was still very much in charge and he hadn’t given up. Before him, Nawaz had made the civilian intentions clear. And over in India was a right-wing government that seemed interested in a deal.

If you’re a jihadi, peace is a deal-breaker. It’ll put you out of business. So they put the would-be peacemakers out of business first.

The 2001 attack killed off any funny ideas of peace either Pakistan or India had. Armies were mobilised, harsh words were exchanged; it would take a while for things to calm down again.

Terror had achieved its purpose.

Fast forward to 2008. This time it was bigger and more audacious — and the effect was even more dramatic.

Pak-India ties plunged to their lowest non-war level. Nobody could talk about peace in India. It was tantamount to treason. There was just anger and outrage. Inside Pakistan, there was a counter-effect. Indian bellicosity made talking peace a no-win situation. There was no political capital to be had. No opening that seemed realistic.

It was better to just shut up.

And again, there was the context. Musharraf had been kicked out, but his four-point formula still filled the air. There, in simple, easy-to-grasp language, was the Kashmir unicorn, a mutually plausible potential solution.

Inside Pakistan, the PPP had taken over. The boss, Zardari, seemed like he had big ideas and even mused about no-first strike and peace with India. It was heady stuff. Over in India, there was a prime minister from Pakistan who yearned to make peace. And a Congress-led coalition that was presiding over record growth and that was reasonably insulated from right-wing attack.

Mumbai killed all of that. This time, India tried a different tack in response — instead of mobilising its army, it worked to diplomatically isolate Pakistan.

It didn’t work as well as the Indians hoped. But it worked well enough to make talking peace a non-starter in India and a delicate subject inside Pakistan.

Terror had achieved its purpose.

In fact, Mumbai was so wildly successful that Mumbai-I had made Mumbai-II unnecessary. You don’t have to kill what is already dead. Terror knows to keep its powder dry.

Now, to the present. There is, first, no institutional interest here in a meltdown with India just now. The fight at home and the mess in Afghanistan are the clear and obvious priorities.

Second, there is no need for a Pak-India meltdown. Even the incorrigible optimists don’t see Modi cutting any kind of peace deal with Pakistan. There is no threat of peace breaking out.

But Modi and his right-wing politics are making all of us unsafe — Indians, Pakistanis, everyone. Because militants everywhere will know opportunity and glory beckon — the lone wolves and the organised lot; the home-grown Indian ones and the ones exported from here or neighbouring lands; the casual extremists and the dedicated; everywhere and everyone.

India, you can imagine the jihad lot thinking, needs to be taught a lesson. Modi needs to be taught a lesson. An attack to remember for the ages. No one would ever forget it. If it does come from here — and that possibility is what it is — the tail would finally and fully be wagging the dog.

Where previous terror — ’01 and ’08 — killed any funny ideas about peace, this one would be about the jihadis themselves setting the record straight. There’s us — believers — and there’s them and never shall the twain meet.

There’s also the unsaid. The war against the TTP and the operation in Karachi will have eaten up most of the state’s bandwidth. There’re only so many things that can be juggled at once.

Keeping the anti-India jihad lot muzzled here isn’t about snapping fingers and dog whistles. It requires a great deal of focus and attention. Focus and attention that simply may not be available right now.

Fear and danger are unmistakably in the air.

The old, reliable inverse proportionality may stand suspended. The worse ties are now, could a calamitous strike be more likely?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 6th, 2015

It’s good to be the Taliban

AFGHANISTAN is back in the news and you’ve heard the boys’ version. They want to make peace happen, but there’s only so much they can do.

The Taliban aren’t our puppets. We can’t just tell them what to do. And the Afghan government won’t listen to us. They are unreasonable. There’s only so much we can do.

We mean well. Give us time. Help us help you. Trust us.

It’s a good story. The Americans seem to politely agree. The Chinese are sympathetic too. Possibly because there’s some truth to it. More likely because they don’t have a choice — keep your eye on the prize, nod in sympathy, gently nudge along.

Man, it’s good to be the Taliban.

Think of it this way. If it’s all true, have the Taliban played us for patsies or what? Look at all that they’ve got from us in just the recent years.

If you could dream of a partner, there isn’t one better — with more advantage and less cost to yourself — than the Afghan Taliban have found in Pakistan.

We gave them sanctuary to survive the onslaught of the superpower surge. Mullah O — the fabled Mullah O who would rather die than leave his beloved Afghanistan — died in the best hospital in the biggest city we have.

Then, when he died getting the best medical care Pakistani rupees can buy, we helped maintain the lie about his death. Because, y’know, it could hurt T morale just when they really needed it in Afghanistan.

And all of that before the real kick to the head. When news of Mullah O’s dead is leaked to the world, we dive deep into the Taliban rabbit hole to keep the T united. Because a broken Taliban would be easier to fight militarily and manipulate politically.

So the new guy — Mullah Mansour — and his buddies are allowed to hold court in Quetta. None of that clandestine business even; right there in plain sight. Somehow, we convince the outside world, minus the Afghan government, to look the other way and not to pay too much attention to the Afghan government’s protests.

Meanwhile, over in Afghanistan, the TTP types helpfully nudged out of Fata are helping the cause of the preferred Afghan Taliban. Challengers to the Mansour camp are being mowed down.

And now the second kick to the head — we can’t tell Mansour what to do. Because he does what’s in his interest. And the Taliban’s interests and the Pakistani interest are not symbiotic.

So months, weeks, days after we help Mansour get his dream job, it’s already gone to his head and he won’t listen to us. Though he was listening to us when he was No 2, though really No 1 because we and he knew Mullah O was dead.

And now we can’t just go over to his place and make him listen — because, well, we can’t. Not unless the Afghan government plays nice first.

Man, it’s good to be the Taliban.

We should just hand over the keys to our place to them — with their smarts, if the Afghan Taliban were running Pakistan, Kashmir would already be ours and Delhi would be begging us to conquer them.

And all of this for what? The Taliban are the greatest beneficiaries of the Pakistani paranoia about India — perhaps second only to the boys themselves.

If you could dream of a partner, there isn’t one better — with more advantage and less cost to yourself — than the Afghan Taliban have found in Pakistan.

Ah, but history is history, you’re thinking. There ain’t anyone who can do anything about it now. In the here and now, we did say that we would bring the Afghan Taliban to the table and we did.

It wasn’t our fault that the talks were sabotaged. Now, we are again saying we’ll make it happen, and it’s in everyone’s interest to make talks happen, so let’s listen to the folk who can make it happen — the boys here.

But those with longer memories and more sceptical minds could point to three things.

One, once upon a time, during the talks that led to the Geneva Accords, we did a familiar-sounding thing — what we said at the table was very different to what we were doing on the ground. Today’s Afghan-led, Afghan-owned echoes that Geneva lore of non-intervention, non-interference.

Two, you could not make up a better script for these talks than the Taliban have got. Had Murree-II gone ahead and some big concession been made without the world knowing Omar was dead it would have shattered the T’s credibility. Murree-I, perversely, helped flush out the secret the Taliban had trapped themselves inside of.

Now, Omar’s shadow is disappearing and the military push by Mansour has made the Taliban the quintessence of the strategy that is talk and fight — the gains on the battlefield will be reaped at the negotiating table. And the gains are huge. For the Taliban.

Three, we’ve alienated and diminished the one leader who represented a historic opportunity — Ashraf Ghani. Instead of partnering him — like the N-League wanted, but was brushed aside partly because of — we’ve weakened Ghani at home and diminished him abroad.

If peace was the real purpose and the only goal, the most obvious route would’ve been to create capital for Ghani to help him fend off the hawks at home. Instead, we’ve demanded he do more for us.

So, yeah, Afghanistan is back in the news — but change you can believe in? Wait until you see it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 29th, 2015

A trip to forget

DID the extension just become a little less likely?

All week, you could sense something wasn’t quite right. Last year, DC was in love with Raheel. They grabbed his hand, they had their photo taken with him, they pinned a medal to his chest.

Part of that was normal: he was still relatively new and there hadn’t been a new chap at the helm in six years.

It’s like the Americans are trying to say, look, we have business to do and we’ll do that business with you, but we prefer Pakistan as a democracy.

Part of it was circumstance: Raheel had gone into North Waziristan; next door, Ashraf Ghani was new too and there was opportunity anew in Afghanistan.

Part of it was unusual: the dharna business had kept Pak in the news and folk were wondering if Raheel was in control or up to some funny business.

This year, he was a known commodity. Plus, Paris and IS knocked everything else out of the news cycle. And over in Afghanistan, the decision to keep troops on into 2017 has effectively guaranteed that the Afghan state won’t collapse.

That means — despite the search for a viable peace process — there’s no great urgency or immediate opportunity in Afghanistan, not like last year, anyway.

But still — you could sense it was something more. The Americans don’t seem to be very impressed by the Cult of Raheel.

Before he went, there was that business about him inviting himself. After he wrapped up his last meeting, the White House readout pointedly mentioned the other Sharif. And there was no medal or toys for him to bring back home.

It’s like the Americans are trying to say, look, we have business to do and we’ll do that business with you, but we prefer Pakistan as a democracy. So, let’s not fiddle around with that.

It was the slightest of raps on the knuckles. And while the boys will never admit it, it will not have gone unnoticed.

Beyond that, there’s the relationship itself. The two Sharifs in DC three weeks apart has teased out at least one thing: the post-9/11 relationship is truly over.

For a decade and a half, the US has been the centre of our universe and we’ve thought that we are the centre of the American universe. But no more. That is both a good thing and a bad thing.

Good because when the Americans are stomping around, demanding stuff and tossing around fistfuls of dollars, it tends to affect what the little guy — that would be us — thinks and does.

And there are few good decisions made when the American leviathan is wandering around your neighbourhood.

Bad because Americans stomping around, demanding stuff and tossing around fistfuls of dollars, tends to get the little guy to think about and do stuff. And some of that stuff can be in our interest.

The problem is, you can’t really see Pakistan thinking about the next phase. Anywhere generally. Specifically with the US.

Sure, there’s this business about stabilising Afghanistan and all the CPEC goodness that will wash over us, but none of that was initiated or conceived of by Pakistan.

With the US, what’s our input to the relationship? We talk about Afghanistan because the Americans are in Afghanistan. The boys ask for toys. And they complain about India.

But where are our ideas?

Two Sharifs in DC in three weeks — and there’s not a single thing you can point to that is new or original from the Pakistani side in the bilateral relationship.

A scaled-down, security-centric, transactional relationship with the US still means it’s one of the fundamental pillars of our foreign policy.

But we only seem to leverage the relationship to complain about India. Like this business with the dossiers.

You can imagine American officials smirking in private — Pakistan wants to prove that India is a state sponsor of terrorism? Uhuh.

And we’re really only doing it because Modi made terrorism the one-point agenda with Pakistan. That makes it easier still to swot away.

The weird thing is, the leverage we do have is staring at us in the face. Hafiz Saeed and co may still be heroes, but the logic of the anti-TTP campaign will eventually reduce the space for all non-states inside Pakistan.

That’s the big issue on which the US and India are united on against Pakistan — non-state actors. And here we are, drifting towards a semblance of the desired outcome because of the fight against the TTP — completely unaware that we could use it to our advantage.

If there were anyone thinking five, 10 years down the road and wondering what we can get out of the US, and from India via the US, the dots would be fairly easy to connect.

First, dismantling the TTP will have knock-on effects for non-states generally. You can’t eliminate the first without curbing the second.

Second, full-spectrum deterrence has made the need for unconventional back-up against the Indian military threat less critical — when nukes are Plan A, you don’t need the jihadi Plan B.

Put those two together and you have — down the road — a situation where Pakistan may end up doing the one thing the US and India are united in demanding.

And if we are crawling, moving towards that outcome anyway, then why not start a conversation with the Americans about how our good behaviour can be used to shape future outcomes, especially with India?

But that would require creativity. And thinking. It’s so much easier to complain, though. And ponder an extension.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 22nd, 2015

Duelling statements

THERE was a time, in the not-too-distant past, that the Paris attacks would have led to an automatic prayer here — please, let there be no Pakistan connection.

North Waziristan used to be the fulcrum of global militancy. The Pakistani cocktail of jihad attracted the world’s would-be terrorists and murderers. Al Qaeda was king.

Now, the world has moved on. The Middle East has gone to hell. IS is the new king. Pakistan is more stable than it’s been in years. And, outside Afghanistan and India, no global act of terror automatically evokes the Pakistani spectre.

Yet, here we were this week, squabbling again. And, for once, it’s the boys who looked weak.

The Council of Elders met this week and told us that the boys are better at their job than the

civilians and that the civilians need to get their anti-terror act together.

A year ago that would have been a cue for national pandemonium. But something funny happened this time: there was no real crisis.

Sure, sections of the media went into a tizzy and the usual suspects were banging on about the demise of Nawaz.

But a crisis? You could immediately sense something was off. And the surest sign of that was when the PM Office put out a prickly official response.

This version of Nawaz showing some life, and even defiance? How badly had the boys miscalculated?

Raheel is experienced enough now. He knows that you can’t just order things to be fixed. That’s not how things work here.

Speak softly and carry a big stick — it’s good advice, especially if your victim has already felt the stick. But the boys decided to turn that advice on its head and yelled loudly — with no obvious stick to use.

Leverage is a funny thing. Use too much of it and too often and it tends to produce the opposite results. Getting the moment right matters too.

APS was a moment. After Peshawar, the national convulsion was so great, the outrage so fierce that it could be channelled into real gains. Military courts, hangings, ramped-up anti-terror operations in the cities — whatever they dreamt of, they got.

The Karachi airport attack was another moment. After Karachi, Nawaz’s talks with the TTP were dead and Zarb-i-Azb could be born.

This time, nothing obvious had happened. Nothing that the boys’ sudden urgency could be hung on, anyway.

And then there’s the other thing — what the hell are they going to do? Take over? Raheel had his chance during the dharna and he chose not to take it. There’s no second chance — yet.

So, no stick and lots of yelling. It adds up to not very impressive.

Which leaves us with the question, why did they do it?

A lot of the speculation you’ve heard already — the behind-the-scenes tussles over what’s going on in Karachi or the annoyance over the India dossiers or some such.

Since those are things that can’t be publicly expressed, the boys decided to attack on what they thought was firmer ground.

But that’s also a little too weaselly and dharna-ish. It doesn’t quite gel with the reputation Raheel has cultivated since.

Now, when he’s annoyed, he lets it be known. Directly and himself. Like when that Mushahidullah business happened.

The anger was fierce and the effect was immediate. In double-quick time, Nawaz publicly contradicted his minister and Mushahidullah’s head was presented.

Raheel is also experienced enough now. He knows that you can’t just order things to be fixed. That’s not how things work here.

And yet we have a churlish ISPR statement and a bristling response from the PM Office.

There’re two possible explanations. One, Raheel sees himself as a man of destiny.

Those who work with him and those who meet him are struck by how he tends to couch things in the grand scheme of things, often referring to the weight of history, pivotal moments and the nation’s hopes.

It’s not quite doing God’s work, but there is a sense that the course he is charting will have effects long after he’s gone. Here and now, Pakistan’s destiny is being shaped and the choices Raheel makes will have a lasting impact.

If you believe that, the ISPR statement makes sense. Two-thirds of his way in, time is running out. This time next year a successor will be chosen and Raheel wants to hand him the best scenario he can.

If that means giving the civilians a few jolts while he still can, then so be it.

Two, Raheel sees himself as a man of destiny.

Those who work with him and those who meet him are struck by another thing: they can’t be sure if he’s ruled out an extension.

There’s God’s work to be done and a course that has yet to be fully charted. If a prime minister is elected for five, what’s Raheel supposed to do in just three?

Pakistan’ destiny has still to be shaped and there’s more decisions to be made if Raheel is to have a lasting impact.

If you believe that, the ISPR statement makes sense. Two years gone, one to go, it’s just not enough time. This time next year, the country must not be distracted by the selection of a successor.

And the best way to avoid that is to periodically remind the people that there’s only person in the country doing his job: Raheel.

A few more such helpful reminders and, a year from now, the people may not let Raheel go.

As ever — choose your poison. Or if you’re not a fan of the exotic, when it comes to the ISPR statement, you could believe that sometimes the boys simply don’t know what they’re doing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 15th, 2015

Nawaz is back

WHAT a difference a few days can make. Or weeks, anyway. Nawaz is back.

The PTI is falling away. Parliament is complete once more, and completely under control. Civ-mil may be more skewed than ever, but it seems to matter less than ever.

The loon in the neighbourhood is next door now. And India is fretting over eroding liberties, secularists in Pakistan are going gaga over some prime ministerial words.

Neither pandering to the right-wing nor helping out the left — that’s pretty much new Nawaz on social issues.

It’s good to be Nawaz again.

So let’s go over that bit by bit. Start with this liberal business — is Nawaz really a man transformed?

Say this for the PML-N — it has been neither a liberal’s nightmare nor a conservative’s dream this time round. Two years at the centre, seven in Punjab and there’s very little by way of kooky stuff put out there.

You only have to glance over to India to know what a crusading right-winger can get up to in double-quick time.

Like much else he’s done this time round, Nawaz in the social realm has been marked more by diffidence than decisiveness.

So what’s up with this liberal-Pakistan business? Before you get too hopeful, have a look at the speech itself:

“Our democratic and economic journey has not been without setbacks. But the Pakistani nation has once and for all decided that its future lies in a liberal and democratic country, where the private sector thrives and no one is left behind.

“I can confidently say that our direction is set, and we are now implementing our nation’s economic and democratic agenda. And indeed, driving a democratic Pakistan forward in its journey towards an economically vibrant future is a labour of love for me.” (emphasis added)

Yep, he was talking about a liberal economy, not a liberal society. Y’know, like he always has been and always will be.

Pro-business is not pro-what-you-do-is-your-own-business. Still, in line with this new version of Nawaz, he didn’t make much of an effort to clarify what he meant.

Neither pandering to the right-wing nor helping out the left — that’s pretty much new Nawaz on social issues.

On to the electoral stuff. The old warning has been reversed — objects in the rear-view mirror may be further than they appear. The N-League may not have pulled away, but the PTI has fallen behind.

Now, there’s a new force in between — the independents. Proof of something to everyone. For PTI, the rise of the independent is proof that, try as the PML-N might, the thugs of Punjab can’t muscle their way to a one-party state.

For the PML-N, there’s some internal concern, but mostly elation at watching the PTI slip to No 3. Independents pose no systemic threat — they can’t do anything other than get absorbed by a party.

For now, the independents are really betwixt and between: both good and bad news for the N-League.

The good news for the PML-N is that most independents are aspirational N-Leaguers — for whatever reason the party wasn’t able to give them a ticket, so they contested as independents.

The results may say No 1 and No 2 are PML-N and independent, but it’s really PML-N(1) and PML-N(2). You’d take it if you could get it.

The bad news is that a breakdown in party discipline — the inability or unwillingness of the local leaderships to nominate one candidate and have all factions back him — can give candidates funny ideas come general election time.

You don’t want everyone at the local level to have too much confidence they can win on their own — they may end up bolting for another party — you know which — in 2018.

Still, N-League has some room to manoeuvre. General elections may be about parties, but they’re also two-tiered: provincial and national.

To win at the centre, the N-League needs 80-90pc of Punjab, but to win at the provincial level it only needs more than half.

Right now, the PML-N has an eye-watering majority in the Punjab Assembly, a percentage dominance that exceeds the Punjab seat count of the party in the National Assembly.

That leaves the N-League with room to play — potentially diverting the battles and the fierce independent energies towards the provincial tier and keeping the national level insulated.

Which leaves civ-mil. The surrender may be greater than ever, but does it really matter just now?

On the external front, Nawaz was a one-trick pony: India. The foreign policy triumvirate may be India-Afghanistan-US, but what do the other two matter?

On Afghanistan, Nawaz has no great insight; on the US, there’s no real divergence from the boys. India was the difference externally and India has decided to go a bit loony.

So, even if he controls nothing, it’s not like Nawaz was about to get anything. In which case, may as well act like he’s getting along famously with the boys.

When the world is recoiling at the ugliness in India and India wasn’t about to give you anything, why not beat up on India too?

Internally, Nawaz’s greatest error has been glossed over and, as a bonus, he gets to share in the big, new glow.

Few hold it against Nawaz that he preferred talks over Zarb-i-Azb. Now, with the military hammering away at the TTP, Nawaz has been able to preside at a time of real calm. Thank you, Raheel Sharif.

Oh what a difference a few weeks can make. It’s good to be Nawaz again.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 8th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The third tier

THE only thing you need to know about these elections has nothing to do with these elections. So, let’s play a game.

The 18th Amendment was the greatest devolution of power from the centre to the provinces in the country’s history. Or something like that.

So many ministries devolved, such quantums of resources transferred, it was epic. Quick — name four ministries devolved to the provinces in the 18th Amendment?

Nope, nothing? OK, then try this. Slowly — name any one of your provincial ministers for population welfare, women development, youth affairs and special initiatives.

Still nothing? OK, how about your ministers for health, education or labour?

The secret of the 18th Amendment is that it’s exposed the politicians even more.

Who knows, who cares, right? Most folk probably only realised we have provincial HECs when Asim Hussain was arrested.

We aren’t supposed to make light of elections. They are solemn occasions; what set us apart from animals and kingdoms of yore.

Now, we’ve embarked on allegedly the biggest ever electoral exercise in Punjab and Sindh, after the multi-phase election no one has ever heard of in Balochistan a year ago and the mess that was KP in May. Hurrah for democracy. May the best men — and, hopefully, some women — win. And then what?

Well, best case scenario, we’re told not to expect much, but more democracy is always a good thing and that over time, who knows, maybe, a new class of politicians will rise to challenge the status quo.

Or something.

More likely: we’re about to find out that systems res­p­ond to the incentives that helped create them — and that unintended consequences are rarely all that nice.

So let’s start with the 18th Amendment. The guiding spirit behind it was threefold — and connected: centralise power in the provinces; reverse, or at least stall, the centre’s expansion; and make coups unlikely.

That was also the problem with it. The reason for the 18th Amendment was not governance, it was civ-mil — and for precisely that reason the 18th has produced so little on the governance front.

Post-Mush, with the Charter of Democracy still animating the PPP and the PML-N, the goal was to clean up the Constitution — and make it dictator-proof.

Ostensibly, by transferring mega resources to the provinces, stripping away sundry ministries from the centre and creating five power centres — the four provinces and Islamabad — future dictators would have a heck of a problem.

Noble as that goal was, it wasn’t the whole truth, or the part of the truth that mattered — it just so happens that politicians know how to work the levers of power at the provincial level best and that’s where they want power concentrated.

To the extent that we — you and me, the public at large — could piggyback on the politicians’ self-interest to get a better governance outcome for the citizenry, it was — and is — worth supporting what the pols did in the 18th Amendment.

But it’s not working for governance because the politicians have already achieved what they thought it could — and much of it has already been reversed.

The good/bad secret of the 18th Amendment is that it’s exposed the politicians even more. Grab a copy of the 18th and have a look at Sindh, where the PPP has been ruling for eight years. Gone is the old fig leaf of blaming the centre for problems in the provinces — the PPP can’t even argue that it’s struggling to deliver because it has been cut out at the centre.

Meanwhile, over in Punjab, the desperation by Shahbaz to control electricity has showed how little the amendment matters to the principal political/governance challenge of this parliament and assemblies.

As for the boys, well, the boys have adapted and merrily moved on — they’re so good at controlling the stuff they want to control now, you can’t imagine why they’d want to take over.

Net effect on governance, the incidental goal — minimal. Net effect on civ-mil, the fundamental goal — never mind. That’s the 18th Amendment.

Now, all of us will have local governments — and again the reason is not governance. Worse, we will have local governments because of the courts, not the public. Post-18th, the continuing decline of service delivery had created the possibility of public pressure on the political class. You guys control everything now, so why is everything still so screwed up?

It could have led to something we haven’t seen before: the gradual build-up of pressure at the grass roots to improve things.

Which is exactly the benefit of democratic continuity. Keep the system going, people start asking uncomfortable things, politicians may have to learn to adapt.

Until the courts unwittingly rode to the political parties’ rescue, political parties were possibly heading towards a squeeze: they aggregated everything to themselves in the provinces, but then weren’t able to turn around the provinces, making for an eventually restless public.

Now, forced to create a local government system by the courts that is confusing and confounding, the emerging clarity has been killed off.

What is the new system? If it doesn’t deliver, do we blame teething problems or structural problems? If structural problems, then was it just oversight or deliberate sabotage by the politicians?

It’ll be years before folk will have anything approaching clarity on any of those questions.

Years in which, had the courts not intervened to force LG elections, anger at the 18th Amendment scheme of things could have led to real pressure for change.

A little less governance, a whole new tier of government and a public that can’t be sure who to blame — what could be better? If you’re a politician, anyway.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 1st, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Analysis: A nuclear deal — need or prestige?

IT may be the surest of things in politics: an immediate and strong governmental denial is usually a sign that something is afoot. With Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in Washington to meet US President Obama in the White House tomorrow, Pakistani officials have denied that a civilian nuclear deal is being negotiated with the US.

In the small strategic community that works on nuclear issues in Pakistan, however, there is a general insistence that Pakistan fully merits a civilian nuclear deal — but that the terms floated in the US media and analyst community are unlikely to be accepted.

“What the Americans are trying to do is shape how we think about deterrence, but they’re a decade behind in their understanding of how on-ground and operational changes have affected deterrence posture,” said Maria Sultan, director general of the South Asian Strategic Stability Institute, which has close ties to the army.

Sultan argued that it is futile to link a civilian nuclear offer — which would potentially give Pakistan access to a global marketplace for nuclear power plants, technology, services and fuel for civilian purposes — to Pakistan’s nuclear deterrence against India because policymakers here would not allow the former to dictate the latter.

The architects of Pakistan’s nuclear policy may refuse to countenance American proposals of any limits — brackets — imposed on Pakistan’s short-range and long-range nuclear options because of the threat the architects perceive from India

US fears

As described in The Washington Post and The New York Times, the American proposals centre on Pakistan’s shortest-range missiles — so-called tactical nuclear weapons — and long-range ones.

Earlier this year, Peter Lavoy, a veteran intelligence and Pakistan expert who is reported to be leading the talks on the American side, bluntly catalogued the American concerns.

Moderating a discussion in the US with Khalid Kidwai, the founding director of the Strategic Plans Division, Lavoy said of the Nasr, the so-called battlefield nuke: “We (the US) moved away from them (short-range nuclear-armed missiles) ultimately… because of concerns about the intermingling of conventional forces and nuclear weapons in a battlefield theatre. And one of the concerns… is that this actually makes nuclear war more likely, rather than less likely, having these capabilities.”

On Shaheen-III — with a stated range of 2,750km to reach the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Indian Ocean, India’s farthest outpost — Lavoy offered: “But there’s a political dimension with the Shaheen-III that I think is troubling to the US government, and to many other governments of representatives here in the audience, that now you’ll have the ability to reach many other countries, in the Middle East, for example, that Pakistan didn’t have that capacity in the past.”

Lavoy essentially outlined a two-pronged American approach. One, tactical nuclear weapons create unmanageable and unacceptable risks for any state, while long-range, nuclear-capable Pakistani missiles can potentially destabilise the security calculus of countries in the Middle East.

Two, Pakistan’s deterrence needs against India can be adequately met by intermediate missiles and weapons. It is a radical idea — an attempt, as Maria Sultan dismissed, to make Pakistan’s nuclear policymakers re-think what deterrence ought to mean to Pakistan.

Pakistani interest

An initial Pakistani rejoinder to the American overtures came via a National Command Authority meeting on Sept 9, ten days after US Secretary of State Susan Rice visited Pakistan to formally invite Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to the White House and firm up an agenda for the talks this week.

The response? Yes, we’re interested in a deal, but forget about your terms. The reiteration in the ISPR press release of “the national resolve to maintain ‘Full Spectrum Deterrence Capability’” was an explicit rejection of the so-called brackets — limits on extremely short range and very long range missiles — the American proposals are based on.

But in a jargon-filled continuation — replete with references to multilateral export control regimes, NSG (Nuclear Suppliers Group) and non-discrimination — the NCA emphasised a longstanding Pakistani demand: the normalisation of Pakistan’s nuclear programme and acceptance into the global nuclear order.

“Why do we want it?” a senior security official with direct knowledge of nuclear policy asked of a potential deal with the US, speaking on the condition of anonymity because he is not allowed to speak publicly. “There are three reasons: socioeconomic, technological and political,” the official said.

The first two reasons are relatively straightforward — but not persuasive to critics. Security officials claims that Pakistan’s energy needs means the country requires nuclear power and it should, if necessary, be able to source power plants from countries other than China. Meanwhile, the industrial complex that is built up around Pakistan’s relatively small but longstanding civilian nuclear infrastructure and scientific community will benefit from access to the latest technology on offer.

According to Naeem Salik, an expert on nuclear issues, access to other countries’ nuclear-power-plant technology could inject some competition into the present monopoly that China enjoys, which provides plants to Pakistan under a so-called grandfathering clause in the global regime that allows for pre-existing commitments to be honoured.

Salik added, “We are not going to build up endlessly,” referring to fissile material and weapons production. “So what about the infrastructure and personnel? They will need to be employed somewhere.”

But with Pakistan’s export capabilities limited and its capacity to import curbed by the prohibitive cost of nuclear technology and equipment, critics are not convinced Pakistan fundamentally seeks a deal for commercial advantage, scientific benefit or future energy needs.

The India factor?

“I think the issue is not so much Pakistan wanting a nuclear deal with the US like the one that India has, it is Pakistan’s compulsion to see itself and be seen as ‘equal’ to India. Crudely, the Two-Nation-Theory as foreign policy,” according to Zia Mian, a physicist at Princeton University and a peace activist. Nuclear policymakers, however, prefer to emphasise another aspect of the India equation: the concern that Pakistan may forever be left behind.

“If India gets in to the NSG, then we’ll be out,” the senior official said, referring to Nuclear Suppliers Group, an informal cartel of 48 nations that regulates civilian nuclear trade and which operates by consensus. India, as a result of the 2008 Indo-US nuclear deal, was granted a waiver to the NSG and aspires to become a full member of the NSG — once a member, India could block Pakistani entry in perpetuity.”

“It’s legitimacy. Pakistan wants parity with India not just on military terms, but politically and diplomatically. It’s psychological,” Naeem Salik claimed. But policymakers portray the psychological factor differently. “There is a prestige involved in it. Of course there is. There is status too. Why shouldn’t Pakistan take pride in its programme?” the security official asked.

Ultimately, however, India may be the very reason that Pakistan will keep demanding a civil nuclear deal from the US and why the US will be encouraged to keep discussing one with Pakistan. The architects of Pakistan’s nuclear policy may refuse to countenance American proposals of any limits — brackets — imposed on Pakistan’s short-range and long-range nuclear options because of the threat the architects perceive from India.

But because Pakistani nuclear policymakers are concerned that India will be ushered in and Pakistan forever locked out of global nuclear governance and that Pakistan will perpetually be subordinated in the global nuclear order, nuclear policymakers here are not likely to shut the door on talks with the US.

Published in Dawn, October 21st, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

A working transaction

THE ally from hell. The desi mother-in-law. They’re our enemy. No, we’re their enemy. It’s that time again — Pak-US is in the news.

Trouble is, the relationship is so old, the lines so rehearsed that it’s easy to forget what’s really going on.

The standard line is that both sides are lying to each other, and at least one side is lying to itself. But they’re not.

The real problem is on the Pakistani side. Because it is a security relationship and it is a relationship with the world’s greatest power, there are domestic consequences.

Hawks in America argue we — the army, really — are duplicitous and experts at milking naive American politicians.

As of Sept 30, the US has transferred $31.3 billion in all types of aid, military and civilian, to Pakistan since 2002. That’s a little more than $2bn a year.

It is supposedly a great con. Dumb Americans gett­ing their pockets picked by a crafty Third World junta.

But what, really, has the US paid Pakistan for? Basically, since 9/11 and the US-led war in Afghanistan that began in Oct 2001, the Americans have engaged with us for three reasons.

One, to help them wage war in Afghanistan. Two, to help wage war on Al Qaeda in the Af-Pak arena. Three, to keep terrorists away from our nuclear weapons.

On all three counts, we have apparently screwed the Americans. The Taliban are our allies. OBL was our guest. And we’ve gone and built so many nukes, big and small, that it’s a bigger headache than ever.

Ergo, Pakistan is the ally from hell.

But what the hawks in America won’t tell you is that the Americans have pretty much been getting what they’ve been paying for. And it’s been bought on the cheap.

Here’s how. One, it bought them a chance to wage war against the Taliban and see if they could win. That’s it — a shot at winning and no more.

Think of it this way — the Taliban are Pakistan’s greatest ally in a messed-up country on our border and we helped the Americans wage war on them.

That war has cost the Americans roughly a trillion dollars. The residual force that is to stay on will cost them about $20bn a year.

But for $2bn a year, we gave them a shot at creating an alternative future for Afghanistan. An alternative future with uncertain consequences for how the military here defines our national security priorities.

Frankly, it’s our boys who cut a bad deal for themselves.

Two, we cleared the way for the Americans to go after Al Qaeda here. And have they. They’ve droned the heck out of Fata and killed more Al Qaeda No 3s than anyone can remember.

The CIA probably hasn’t even counted the number of AQ rank and filers taken out over here since 9/11, unilaterally and in concert.

Ah, but there’s that business of Osama, you’re thinking. Sure, we had him. But once they found him, we also watched them walk in, take him out and walk out again — and soon enough went back to doing business with them.

Osama remains Obama’s greatest foreign policy/national security success. It helped ease him to re-election.

Meanwhile, our best insurance policy against getting invaded if another 9/11 happened was gone. When they found him, we moved on.

Two billion a year is chump change — not money from chumps.

Three, the boys love their nukes more than life itself. It is their one ticket to permanent relevance. It is also a genuinely scary story — it’s just not a good idea to hug both nukes and militants close.

That alone merits a two-billion-dollar-a-year transactional relationship between the US and Pakistan — the Americans need access to Pakistan if they’re to prevent their worst nightmare from coming true.

And do they get access. Maybe not to the nukes themselves, but definitely to the programme’s managers — and to the military at large.

Those intimate conversations help shape a sophisticated American understanding of our nuclear prog­ra­mme and, possibly, how to shape its future direction.

Put all of that together and America gets what it pays Pakistan for — no more and no less.

The real problem is on the Pakistani side. Because it is a security relationship and it is a relationship with the world’s greatest power, there are domestic consequences.

How much of the American eagerness to work with Pakistan and the boys’ alacrity for working with the Americans affects the trajectory of democracy in Pakistan?

Just asking the question puts you in the camp of loons and ideologues. But it is real enough.

The way the US has defined its interests means what it basically needs from Pakistan are security things. And that shapes who is relevant here and who is not.

Since 9/11, there’s nothing the US has asked of Pakistan that makes civilians relevant. When you’re incidental to the biggest foreign policy and national security demands from the biggest player in the world, that distorts what happens at home.

Which is a pity. No mainstream civilian wants to dominate Afghanistan. None consider militants to be a tool of statecraft or a fundamental ally. None advocate more and more nukes.

Whether it’s Afghanistan, militancy or nuclear weapons, most civilians do not have the same approach as the army’s. That’s why the army needs to dominate them.

And the US has judged that it needs the army.

The dirty little secret of the Pak-US relationship is that it works — for the US and the boys, anyway.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 18th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

PML-N forever?

THE excitable lot has told us it’s the Clash of the Titans. Today will change everything. The sceptical lot has told us it doesn’t matter. Today will change nothing.

So let’s forget about today and look to the future. Say, 2018. There’s a proper election scheduled for then, around late summer.

That may seem a while away, but it’s creeping nearer. And, the closer we get to it, a funny thing may be happening.

First, though, conventional wisdom. 2018 will be a two-horse race and the battleground will again be Punjab. PML-N v PTI — may the best man win.

By now, here in 2015, it’s become fairly obvious: the PML-N is about as rubbish at governing as the PPP was.

PML-N will have the advantage because, well, it’s delivered a bunch of things and Punjab is super fond of Mian Sahib, even if it hasn’t quite warmed to the younger Sharif.

PTI will have learned from 2013 and will position itself to grab a bunch of seats, but it will still fall short. Ultimately, the party won’t have the machine to move it up from second to first.

That’s the conventional wisdom and it seems fairly reasonable. But let’s try something else.

One full term and a peaceful transition in 2013 increased the odds of a second full term. So a second full term followed by a peaceful transition in 2018 should make a third consecutive full term even more likely.

2018 should take us to 2023. And that’s when things start to get a bit complicated. By 2023, if conventional wisdom prevails, Punjab would have been ruled by the PML-N for 15 straight years.

Fifteen years is dictator terrain. Hell, it’s beyond dictator — Ayub lasted a shade under 11 years, Zia a smidge more than 11, Musharraf just under nine.

If Punjab re-elects PML-N in the centre in 2018, it will also have re-re-elected the PML-N in Punjab. Not even a King’s party has managed that.

And that changes the equation a little. In ordinary times, the Punjabi voter would have a straightforward job: decide if a government’s performance over the previous five years means it deserves another five.

In PML-N times, in 2018, the voter will also have to figure out if he’s OK with electing what would effectively be a permanent government.

When the military is chucking you in and out and terms aren’t being completed, a two-term prime minister and a three-term CM isn’t such a big deal.

But a four-term, two-full-term PM and a five-term, three-consecutive-term CM elected freely and uninterrupted by the public itself — to be convinced, the voter may want something more.

Something more that the PML-N may not have.

By now, here in 2015, it’s become fairly obvious: the PML-N is about as rubbish at governing as the PPP was.

The PPP knew they were rubbish, didn’t care that they were rubbish, and decided early on to enjoy themselves as much as they could for as long as they could.

From there was born the legend of The Worst Government the Country Has Ever Had, 2008-2013. Sindh, poor, pitiable Sindh, continues to suffer.

The PML-N was supposed to be different. It was supposed to be The Best Civilian Government Ever, 2013-2018. Efficiency, ideas, energy — turnaround was coming our way.

But the N-League has flunked every governance test thrown its way. Sure, the Metro is nice and a bunch of roads are getting built, but the positive externalities aren’t endless.

One or two Metros don’t translate into better transport everywhere. A few big roads don’t mean connectivity for the population at large. And, really, the bling effect wears off.

What was cool and fascinating five years ago leaves people cool and un-fascinated if simply more and more of the same is offered.

Now, back to the present. Everything — and it is no exaggeration to say everything — that is going well for the N-League comes down to two things: low oil prices and low commodity prices.

It’s a multi-billion-dollar bonanza that is the exact opposite of what the PPP was pummelled by early in its term — a spike in oil and commodity prices topped off by a global liquidity crunch.

Take away the bonanza that has come the N-League’s way and minus the pummelling that the PPP took early on and what’s left is a sad, rather incontrovertible truth:

The PML-N is about as rubbish at governing as the PPP was.

Ah, but at least there’s the corruption differentiator, you’re thinking. Anything is better than the PPP.

Possibly. The smash-and-grab style of the PPP and the continuing depredations in Sindh would make a bandit blush. But there’s a quiet bubbling of rumour and speculation around the PML-N too.

Away from the Nandipur turmoil and beyond rules being bypassed in haste, not greed, there’s all kinds of talk seeping out. Of front companies and hidden ownerships and dodgy interests.

And far too much of it is leading back to the same names, in government and outside, that are dominating the energy and electricity landscapes in the PML-N era.

Three more years is a long time. Long enough for oil and commodity prices to swing upwards again. Long enough for tales of pelf and corruption to slime their way into public view.

Long enough for things to go pear-shaped again. And long enough for folk in Punjab to wonder: maybe we should give someone else a chance.

The someone else? That would be the PTI.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 11th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

One country, three policies

STUPID as it is, all you can do is shrug. After all, when India is an imbecile, Pakistan has to reciprocate.

So now we have this dossier business. One each for Karachi, Balochistan and KP/Fata. Each filled with irrefutable proof. Each painting Pakistan the victim, India the aggressor.

Each to achieve what, really? No one seems to know.

Don’t bother asking the civilians. Some familiar with the contents thought it lucky the Indians weren’t willing to receive the dossiers.

Because, had the Indians been embarrassed into receiving them, they may have gleefully splashed the contents around the world — so shoddy being either the work of the dossiers’ compilers or, worryingly, of the intelligence-gatherers themselves.

But we’ll be spared the embarrassment now because chiefs of staff to UN secretary generals aren’t known for leaking things.

What, though, does it all mean? The week in the UN has confirmed a new reality: Pakistan has three India policies.

There’s Nawaz, as epitomised by Ufa. There’s the FO, with its four points at the UNGA. And then there’s the boys and their dossiers.

There’s Nawaz, as epitomised by Ufa. There’s the FO, with its technocratic, self-congratulatory cleverness — the four points at the UNGA. And then there’s the boys and their dossiers.

Messy as that is, it becomes dangerous once you realise that none of the three policies are likely to work — especially when the other side is so united.

Want to know what a united, singular approach can achieve? It received little play here, but the US-India Joint Declaration on Combatting Terrorism issued by the US secretary of state and the Indian foreign minister is a nice enough example.

In the larger scheme of things, the Sept 23 joint statement means little by way of concrete action. But it does indicate a shift in language and a new willingness to be more direct about Indian concerns.

Of the first five points in the joint statement, these were four:

— “Reaffirm President Obama’s and Prime Minister Modi’s vision to transform the US-India relationship into a defining counterterrorism partnership for the 21st century;

— “Reiterate the threat posed by entities such as Al Qaeda and its affiliates, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D Company, and the Haqqani network, and other regional groups that seek to undermine stability in South Asia;

— “Call for Pakistan to bring to justice the perpetrators of the 2008 Mumbai attack;

— “Strongly condemn the July 27, 2015 terrorist attack in Gurdaspur, Punjab, and August 5, 2015, attack in Udhampur, Jammu and Kashmir”.

Now imagine Nawaz, or even Raheel, wresting a similar joint statement from Kerry. Or the American NSA. Or even their ambassador to Pakistan.

It’s just not going to happen.

But if Afghanistan goes to hell and the Modi government does manage to give the Americans more access to the Indian market, it may not just be joint US-India statements that become more strident. It could be their actions too.

Back to the three policies over here. Nawaz’s is the most straightforward to read — and, sadly, naïve.

It is basically this: we, Pakistan, need to talk to India because that’s in Pakistan’s and the region’s interests, so we must do whatever we can, whenever we can to make dialogue a possibility.

At Ufa, that amounted to Nawaz deciding that if the Indians want to talk about terrorism and only terrorism, his government had nothing to hide — so talks about terror it would be.

It took him a while to cotton on to the implications at home. But it doesn’t seem to have changed his mind. And the longer Nawaz does it, the closer he seems to the Modi way of doing business with Pakistan — and the more irrelevant he becomes to contributing in any way to India policy here.

Maybe Nawaz thinks you can’t get worse than zero influence anyway. He’s probably right. But it isn’t good for the overall civ-mil scheme of things if the mil side of the equation believes the PM needs to be actively neutralised. Especially if it’s on India.

The FO, meanwhile, and as ever, has been trying to square the differences. A civilian boss who wants direct engagement at whatever cost versus military masters who are reluctant to engage and suspicious of any breakthrough.

That produces seemingly clever ideas like the UNGA four points — something for the hardnosed, something for the aspirational sorts and, together, nothing in reality. The four points are doomed by their own cleverness in trying to be something to everybody. Nobody really believes in them.

The last, and possibly the silliest, is the boys’ approach. Modi wants to talk terror, fine, we’ll insist on talking about Kashmir. But, because we can’t not respond to India provocations and prevarications, we too will talk about terror — the kind India is inflicting on Pakistan, unseen to the world.

Apart from plain silliness, that approach is undone by two things. One, the boys, for all their influence, can’t interface themselves with the world on such issues. They need the civilian front. But the boss of the civilian front is peeved and has other ideas anyway.

Two, the outside world doesn’t believe us nor is it about to believe us. If India is poking around in Karachi and fiddling around in Balochistan, well, what are we doing about LeT and the like?

Try finding anyone sympathetic to the boys’ argument. Anywhere.

But then, finding a sympathetic ear or even a workable policy doesn’t seem to be a priority right now. India is playing hardball and India needs to be countered.

One country, three policies, and a united, focused other side. Together, though, they all look more than a little foolish. But all we, the rest of us, can do is shrug.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 4th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

King Raheel

IT’S silly season again. For some reason the week began with, the best there was, the best there is, the best there ever will be — King Raheel. May God save him and may he save the rest of us.

Then, because the gods like to play around with us, the Badaber hiccup happened. But, because he’s also Teflon Raheel, it didn’t matter.

A massive attack was thwarted. Thirty lives were lost, but tragedy was averted. The chief was on the ground and in charge. The terrorists will never win while Raheel is around.

It’s easy to forget that we’ve seen all of this before.

Back when Musharraf was king, back when Kayani was saviour. It’s pretty standard fare, a pretty standard arc. Luckily for Raheel, memories here are shorter than a chief’s tenure.

Go back to 2002. Musharraf had saved Pakistan. The court had given him three years; he had taken over with economic collapse beckoning and when Pakistan was an international pariah after the nuclear tests.

For good measure, the outside world had tired of dictators in Pakistan.

Three years in, Pakistan was in love with its commando. 9/11 may have helped rehabilitate him internationally, but his seven-point agenda had helped steady the ship domestically.

Corruption was down, professionalism was in, the country looked like it was set to go places — and the architect of the turnaround was the straight-talking patriot, Musharraf.

It’s easy to forget that we’ve seen all of this before.

It’s probably what convinced him to go for the fatal referendum. His court-mandated three years were up, but he was popular as hell. Pakistan needed him. How could he say no?

If he hadn’t rigged the referendum, he would probably have won it handily anyway. But rig he did and five more years he granted himself.

We all know how that turned out.

Turn to 2008. The military was being pummelled by public opinion and militancy. Soldiers were advised not to wear uniforms in public. Lal Masjid had produced an epic blowback. The lawyers’ movement had sapped military morale.

The country was going downhill and fast. Enter Kayani. Yes, Kayani.

There he was, the thinking general. The country had tired of the commando and his brashness; it wanted someone who could figure out what had gone wrong and come up with a plan to restore pride and right the balance.

Kayani was that man. He shuttered the ISI political cell and pulled spooks and soldiers out of politics. He made sure there was no meddling in the elections.

His real love was the army. He announced the Year of the Soldier. Service matters were attended to. Morale was boosted and pay increased.

And he would take the fight to the militants. He orchestrated Swat, first letting the politicians cut the Nizam-i-Adl deal and then expertly exploiting Fazlullah and Sufi Muhammad’s ambitions.

Months later, he took us into South Waziristan, promising to rid it of militants as part of a phased campaign to eventually recover all of Fata.

Times were still tough, but Kayani was the steady hand. He gave us the Kayani moment. Remember that?

Nawaz had threatened to march on Islamabad. Asif had panicked. Rehman Malik wanted to shoot at the protesters if they crossed Pindi. Ifitkhar Chaudhry was enjoying the attention and the storm around him.

But Kayani kept his cool. No, he wasn’t going to take over — he was too good for that. Instead, he had a word with Asif and gave his word to Nawaz and Chaudhry.

Crisis averted. The general had shown the pols how politics was meant to be done.

Come 2010, he was so good and so powerful he could do whatever the hell he liked. So he did — and gave himself a second term.

We all know how that turned out.

Now, it’s King Raheel’s turn. The same arc is there. We don’t need to go over what all he has done. The spin brigade doesn’t tire of telling us.

So, let’s try something else — figuring out how Nawaz helped him become King Raheel. Not wittingly, for Nawaz would surely like to be king himself.

But two fatal errors set the path for Raheel’s walk to glory.

The second one first — that catastrophic failure that was the Jan 2014 speech in parliament. Everything was set for the announcement of a military operation in North Waziristan.

The TTP was rampant again and had to be cut down to size. The military was itching to put the Kayani inertia behind it.

Nawaz could never be a warrior, but he could be a wartime PM. He had already shown decisiveness on Karachi.

Now, it was time to take on the TTP. But he blinked. He loved Punjab too much. Talks were to be given another chance, in the hope of winning a peace for Punjab.

The moment was gone. Five months later, after the Karachi airport attack and with the Chinese growing insistent, Raheel grabbed his chance. North Waziristan would be Raheel’s war.

As would the glory.

The other Nawaz mistake — Musharraf over India. A trade deal with India was on the table. It could have been a game-changer. But the boys didn’t like it.

And the boys were already miffed. Nawaz had vowed to put Musharraf on trial. It was as personal as it was unnecessary. The man who had made him miss his father’s funeral and put him in handcuffs would have to pay.

So Nawaz chose — and he chose wrong. He ended up getting neither — neither a trade deal with India nor Musharraf’s scalp. Counterfactuals are difficult things, but imagine if Nawaz had put his foot down on the right thing.

But that’s history. The man who would have been king helped pave the path for the man who is king. It’s Raheel’s kingdom now.

So all hail the king — and try and forget that you’ve seen all of this before.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 20th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Deterrence on steroids

THE good thing about nuclear weapons is that they’re relatively simple to understand. None of that order of battle stuff and how one set of jets stacks up against another set of tanks and what not.

I have a bomb and if you invade me, I’m going to use the bomb, so you better not ever think of attacking me. Simple.

The bad thing about nuclear weapons is that, when their purpose and potential use is articulated by military minds, they can get awfully complicated. And complicatedly dangerous.

Just don’t expect the boys here to let you in on that.

Credible minimum deterrence was simple, elegant — and enough. But then, the boys decided it was not enough.

“In view of the growing conventional asymmetry, the NCA reiterated the national resolve to maintain ‘Full Spectrum Deterrence Capability’ in line with the dictates of ‘Credible Minimum Deterrence’ to deter all forms of aggression, adhering to the policy of avoiding an arms race.”

Thus spake the ISPR this week.

It sounded terribly important, so it made splashy headlines. But what did it mean? Few seemed to understand or even care. Not even some of the civilian participants in the NCA meeting, if the picture accompanying the ISPR press release is anything to go by.

But matter it does, so let’s get down to it.

Gone — though the boys are pretending it’s not — is the old nuclear doctrine of credible minimum deterrence. That was the simple business of having a handful of nukes to ensure India would never invade us.

It was based on the fairly robust presumption that India would not like to be nuked and that, no matter what it did, no matter how massively and widely and quickly it attacked, it could never be sure we didn’t have a surviving nuke or two to lob India’s way.

Credible minimum deterrence was simple, elegant — and enough. But then, because they can and because of the way they see the world and understand security, the boys decided it was not enough.

In its place came this newfangled business of full-spectrum deterrence. It is based on, roughly, four elements. First is the high-end of the spectrum — long-range missiles. In March we tested something called the Shaheen-III, which has the rather specific stated range of 2,750km.

Why 2,750km? Well, if you pull out a map and look for the Andaman and Nicobar islands, you’ll see they’re roughly 2,750km from Pakistan. India controls those islands and is apparently working on militarising them. And India has plenty of long-range missiles of its own.

Theoretically, if India had a land mass somewhere that Pakistani missiles could not reach, then India could put a bunch of nuclear missiles there and apparently threaten Pakistan.

So we need to be able to hit the Andaman and Nicobar islands, the farthest outpost of India from Pakistan, with our own nukes. Because, apparently, being able to hit every other part of India with nuclear missiles is not credible enough.

Second, the low-end of the spectrum: very-short-range missiles, aka tactical nuclear weapons. That controversial expansion was based on an even more controversial idea — vague Indian musings on Cold Start and the possibility of rapid and shallow India military ingresses into Pakistan.

Apparently, there’s a way for India to make war on Pakistan without declaring war on Pakistan — and to contend with that, we needed to develop tiny little nukes that we can use to bomb the Indians on our soil. Go figure.

Third is an assured second-strike capability. Missiles can be found, planes can be knocked out of the sky, but nuclear submarines — now they are always on the move and impossible for an enemy to find all simultaneously.

So, yes, at some point you’re going to hear that Pakistan is going for a sea-based nuclear option, ie nuclear submarines. At that point, you’ll also wonder how it’s possible to keep warheads and missiles physically separate in a nuclear submarine, like we say we do with the rest for security reasons. It’s not.

Fourth is something called ambiguity: we don’t tell the world or India just how many, even in rough terms, nuclear weapons we have. The idea is to keep India guessing — if they can’t be sure how many we have, they can’t be sure if any war plan of theirs will succeed.

Ambiguity works because it creates doubt — but it also turns on its head credible minimum deterrence. That worked by suggesting a few is enough; full-spectrum deterrence works by suggesting you have more bombs at every tier than the enemy can ever be sure his military can find and neutralise.

The boys insist full-spectrum deterrence is not open-ended. The four elements — long-range missiles; tactical nuclear weapons; assured second-strike capability; and ambiguity — add up to a finite, but classified, number of nuclear weapons that we need.

But then they slip in something else — deterrence is not static. Which is just another way of saying an arms race can’t be ruled out. The really wild and woolly frontiers are out there: MIRVs (essentially, multiple warheads atop a single missile — the most dangerous kind); missile defence (you’d need more nukes to swamp a futuristic system); and space.

Scary as that sounds, that’s for the distant future. The more immediate problem is already here: the boys have internalised nukes as the answer to an ever-growing range of threats that they perceive from India.

Indian military base in Andaman and Nicobar? Build a big nuke. Cold Start and Integrated Battle Groups? Build a small nuke. India is going the sea route? Get nuclear submarines and build sea-based nukes.

Full-spectrum deterrence is about the creeping nuclearisation of most conflict scenarios — and the swagger that comes with the belief that defeat can never be suffered.

Really, what could go wrong with that?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 13th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The Modi effect

IT could just be the 50th anniversary, but you can sense it’s probably not. The mood is darkening. Pakistan and India are at it again.

Why, though? It’s fairly obvious that Pakistan isn’t spoiling for a fight. Sure, it may further burnish the boys’ credentials domestically and any soldier worth his salt loves a good ol’ fashioned stare-down.

But there’s too much else going on here for squabbling with India to be a priority.

The two basic Indian goals — turning India into an economic powerhouse and securing India — are intertwined. Doing the first but not the second would leave India that much more vulnerable to non-states.

So, to Modi we must turn. Initially, it looked like he didn’t know what he was doing. Minus Pakistan was the new formula; he didn’t want to talk to Pakistan at all.

It didn’t make any sense — how does not talking help anything? It seemed like a classic problem: a regionalist catapulted to the national stage thinking he could reinvent the rules.

Or maybe he was still stuck in election mode: state elections were due over in Indian-held Kashmir and defying Pakistan seemed like a neat electoral trick.

But then the LoC and Working Boundary stuff kept happening. And Modi made it clear that it was his decision to keep that fire lit — disproportionate force was added to the regional lexicon.

Troubled, the outside world stepped in. This can’t go on, the Americans and the Europeans said. You’ve got to find a way of calming things down, Modi was told.

So he agreed to talk — but only on terrorism. And that’s when it started to become clear that there is purpose in what he is doing.

Inside Pakistan it’s been interpreted as Modi trying to isolate Pakistan. Casting us as the villain and trying to make the world angry with us.

But to what end? You isolate us, that still doesn’t help you with your basic problem: how to prevent another Mumbai.

The two basic Indian goals — turning India into an economic powerhouse and securing India — are intertwined. Doing the first but not the second would leave India that much more vulnerable to non-states.

But the problem is that the anti-India non-states here aren’t a priority for Pakistan. We’ve got our hands full fighting the anti-Pak lot.

And the world, long worried about Pakistan imploding, is fairly sympathetic to the Pakistani approach. Better we stabilise ourselves first than take on everything simultaneously and risk everything going to hell.

But what works for the world can’t work for India — the more it pulls ahead of us economically, the more vulnerable it would be to the anti-India non-states here.

So Modi had to find a way to get some focus on the anti-India lot here. You can see what he’s doing.

First, an angry, petulant India refuses to talk to Pakistan. That’s not great, the world thinks, but what’s new there. Sigh.

Then, India rattles the cage a bit. There’re small exchanges of fire and any exchanges of words. OK, that’s not good, the world thinks. Maybe we should have a word with India.

So, the world has a word with India. Look, we know you want to be part of the big boys’ club and that means you’ve got to do certain things. Go, talk to Pakistan.

Modi agrees. I’ll talk, but it has to be about terrorism alone, he tells the world. Yeah, OK, just make it happen, the world tells him.

So, Modi tells Pakistan he wants to talk, but makes it clear that he doesn’t really want to. Shut the anti-India terror networks down first, he essentially pre-conditions the talks.

Modi knows that isn’t going to happen. He can probably guess what will happen instead. On cue, the Pakistani beast stirs. We get agitated and jingoistic.

You want a fight, the puppets-on-strings here rage, we’ll give you a fight. Fists are shaken and swords crossed online and on-air.

The world gets more alarmed.

In just a year, Modi’s achieved something subtle but significant: he’s injected urgency in the global view of India-Pak and he’s recast the terms of bilateral re-engagement.

And Pakistan has played into his hands. Maybe Modi guessed Pakistan would insist on making Kashmir the core issue or maybe it’s just our inability to think creatively.

Either way it’s pretty much a non-starter: the world isn’t going to insist India talk about Kashmir. The world will though insist India and Pakistan talk, and soon.

And of the two, of India and Pakistan, the only one making a realistic suggestion is Modi and his talk of focusing on terror.

It is risky though.

The Modi strategy of alarming the world about India-Pak and then getting talks to focus on anti-terror assumes that the world will in fact pressure Pakistan to do something about the anti-India militants here.

But the world looks like it’s still fairly sympathetic to the Pakistani approach of dealing with the anti-Pak lot first. In any case, the Afghan lot are ahead of the anti-India lot in terms of a global priority.

At the end of the day, the world isn’t going to get India’s business done for it. That is something Modi will certainly have thought of. And this is where his strategy becomes risky.

Think of it as iterations — these little cycles of cross-border anger feeding global anxiety that we’ve been seeing since last year.

If they play out just this way, at this level, the world will get used to them and it’ll become the new normal.

Escalation, then, is the next logical step for Modi. Ratchet up tensions even more so that the alarms bell ring ever louder and the world gets alarmed enough to in fact do something about it.

An arsonist in Delhi poking Pakistan in the eye — does anyone need to spell out all that could go wrong?

The writer is a member of staff.

Twitter: @cyalm

cyril.a@gmail.com

Published in Dawn, September 6th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Gibraltar, Grand Slam and war

This isn’t a week for civilians. Wars old and new will be celebrated and much made of the abilities and wisdom of the Great Protectors. Which is fine, really. What’s a week between friends.

Especially if there’s not much good to say. 1965 was a bad idea taken to perfection, all three stages of it. First came Gibraltar, that silliness of sending irregulars and radicalised civilians over into India-held Kashmir to foment revolution.

When revolution didn’t show up, we got into the busi­ness of Grand Slam — sending regular army troops over to wrest a bit of India-held Kashmir and win that most lusted after of victories, a strategic one.

We don’t have to rely on uninformed opinion, because there is a uniformed one available.

Then came actual war across the border, for which we were somehow unprepared and scrambled to fight to a stalemate because the Indians were a bunch of reluctant invaders.

Told you, it’s not a week for civilians. Luckily, we don’t have to rely on uninformed opinion, because there is a uniformed one available.

An eminent one — dripping with medals, reached the highest offices, tasked to write the official tale of 1965 and took two decades to do it. But then he got the funny idea of publishing his 650-page report, which was promptly banned by the army and never heard of again.

It’s a good week to remember the forgotten. Coming to you from a dusty shelf, the words of Lt Gen (retd) Mahmud Ahmed from a tome rather unassumingly and modestly titled History of the Indo-Pak War — 1965.

Tell us, General, what was Operation Gibraltar all about?

“The military aim of launching the guerrilla operations was threefold. Firstly, disrupt Indian civil and military control of the State. Secondly, to encourage, assist and direct an armed revolt by the people of Kashmir against Indian military occupation, and thirdly, to created conditions for an advance by the Azad Kashmir forces into the heart of occupied Kashmir and eventual liberation of IHK.”

So, how’d it go?

“The intelligence directorates were unable to provide any worthwhile intelligence to 12 Division for the guerrilla operations. Each commander of the Gibraltar Forces was given a few names of collaborators whom they were able to contact after infiltration into inside Indian Held Kashmir but their reliability was uncertain. In fact, none came forth to help the guerrilla forces. Therefore, despite undetected infiltration across the Cease Fire Line, all the Gibraltar Forces, with the exception of Ghaznavi, ran into trouble at the very outset of their operations.”

Then what, General?

“In the event, the Gibraltar Forces were unable to initiate any large scale uprisings in IHK as was visualised or hoped. Instead, the Indian Army in Kashmir retaliated violently resulting in the loss of some valuable territory. Undismayed by these losses, [Maj Gen Akhtar Hussain Malik, commander of 12 Division] was able to convince GHQ that the time for the attack he had envisaged through the Munawwar Gap was indeed opportune since the bulk of the Indian Army in IHK was committed in the retaliatory operations in addition to its involvement in counter-insurgency measures. A reluctant GHQ was thus compelled to act in accordance with Gen Akhtar’s proposal by sheer force of circumstances rather than by sound professional reasoning which demanded logical military contingency preparations from the very moment when the decision to launch Operation Gibraltar was first taken.”

How’d one screw-up, Gibraltar, lead to an even bigger cock-up, Grand Slam?

“If anything, the limited guerrilla operation [Gibraltar] served as pinpricks to rouse a slumbering giant as it were, though India initially went into action almost reluctantly with a self-imposed restraint of confining its attacks to the upper parts of Kashmir. Operation Grand Slam was a logical move after the failure of the guerrilla operations.”

Civilian note: Mahmud doesn’t think Grand Slam was a bad idea. He thinks it was not ambitious enough — the army should have gone for Jammu and created a giant Punjabi pincer to gobble up the Indian armed forces. Total victory could have been ours! Oh, generals.

So, err, what happened next?

“The Pakistani high command considered the international boundary with India and the Working Boundary with the State of Jammu and Kashmir inviolable and expected its Indian counterpart also to regard it as such. From the inviolability of the international boundary sprang the policy of ‘no provocation’. Having had all defence works dismantled and the mines removed as part of the Kutch agreement, the GHQ forbade occupation of defences along the Punjab border on the eve of Operation Grand Slam to avoid provoking India into launching an offensive across the international boundary.”

You’re saying we left ourselves open to invasion, General?

“It is a matter of great irony that despite its forward assembly the Pakistan Army still managed to allow itself to be surprised by the Indian attack on 6 September 1965! The Indian build-up (as reaction to Operation Grand Slam), of which there were clear indications since 3 or 4 September, was somehow not taken note of. It was only after listening to an All India Radio broadcast in the evening of 4 September that the Pakistan C-in-C, Gen Muhammad Musa, reached the conclusion that Indian intentions were hostile. Then too the GHQ sent a rather ambiguous signal message to the formations.”

But the fight was heroic, yes?

“Apart from the sheer number of tanks involved, it is well worth asking if the armoured battles were really great by any standard? The fact is both sides lacked skill in handling armour at the operation level.”

In the end, we did get something out of it, right? Right?

“In the case of Pakistan, if it was solution of Kashmir, then we failed; if it was merely to defreeze the issue, then the means employed and risks taken were grossly disproportionate to the results achieved. In the bargain, we got a war which we perhaps did not want and could have avoided.”

So there it is. An official history by an official general in a proper book with maps and diagrams. But who needs history when we’ve got a war to celebrate.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 30th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Blame Nawaz

There is no point talking about Kashmir, but there is a point in talking to India. Nawaz knows that. The boys won’t accept that. And Modi doesn’t seem to get it.

What Nawaz doesn’t know is how to get the other two to listen to him. Not Modi, nor the boys. And it really is his fault this time.

There is no point talking about Kashmir because Kashmir isn’t going anywhere. Not for the Indians, nor for Pakistan.

There’s no point in talking about Kashmir. Not now. But there is a way to do it. And it’s not the way Nawaz has gone about it.

You don’t need to know anything about Kashmir to know that India hasn’t quite got everything under control in its bit of Kashmir. Nor is about to.

And you don’t need to know anything about global politics or diplomacy to know that the Pak-India relationship isn’t in a shape to get big things done. Nor is about to.

So there’s no point in talking about Kashmir. Not now. But there is a way to do it. And it’s not the way Nawaz has gone about it.

There were basically two things Nawaz had to play off each other in Ufa: terrorism and Kashmir.

Modi had made it known that it was terrorism first if talks were going to happen or else it was going to be Indian foreign policy minus Pakistan.

If that sounds stupid and self-defeating, it is. But that’s for India to decide and Modi to realise.

Over here, the boys are not in favour of rapprochement and would never countenance letting Kashmir slip off the agenda.

So, to make talks happen, Nawaz had to split the difference. But he didn’t. Have a look at the five points of Ufa and you’ll see how Nawaz got himself in trouble:

A meeting in New Delhi between the two NSAs to discuss all issues connected to terrorism. Early meetings of DG BSF and DG Pakistan Rangers followed by that of DGMOs. Decision for release of fishermen in each other’s custody, along with their boats, within a period of 15 days. Mechanism for facilitating religious tourism. Both sides agreed to discuss ways and means to expedite the Mumbai case trial, including additional information like providing voice samples.

Number two is important but boring. Three and four are plain boring. One and five is where the trouble lies.

If No 1 had just read “A meeting in New Delhi between the two NSAs to discuss all issues”, Nawaz would have had some wiggle room. It’s the “connected to terrorism” that made it Indian.

Same thing with No 5: the “including additional information like providing voice samples” was too specific and too Indian-ish. Extra clauses can be dangerous things.

After that, the only way Ufa was not going to be vetoed by the boys was if there had been a sixth point about Kashmir — or Balochistan or Samjhota. Some kind of red meat.

Nawaz should have known this. Either Ufa had to be kept vague or it had to have specificity that was not just Indian but Pakistani too.

Or Nawaz should have waited until the next meeting, maybe at the UNGA or one of these big international conferences.

Remember, no one expected anything out of Ufa. The best-case scenario was that things would not blow up.

Remember also that the pressure was on Modi to talk. The Americans weren’t happy with him on Pakistan nor were the Europeans, and the year-long shenanigans along the LoC and Working Boundary had caused some alarm.

Nobody but nobody doubted where Nawaz stood on India. The only difference opinion-wise lay in whether he was viewed sympathetically or somewhat derisively for still, in a third stint, being unable to wrest any space from the boys.

So Nawaz had two options: either split the difference between Modi and the boys in Ufa or wait a few months more and let the outside pressure build on Modi.

He chose to be greedy. Or hasty. Or, sadly, just plain stupid.

You can see what he was going for — a commitment to get Modi in Islamabad next year for Saarc. You can see how a Modi visit would be a triumph for Nawaz. You can also see why Nawaz is such a bad foreign minister.

Be bold, but cover your flanks. Be daring, but look over your shoulder too. Try, but expect to fail. All of that would be a good foreign minister. None of that is Nawaz, the keeper of the foreign minister portfolio.

We’ve seen it twice now: he seems to have the vision, but he has no plan. Last time, last year, he was swatted away for being in too much of a hurry and getting Shahbaz involved.

That was entirely expected. And it was because he tried to circumvent the system.

This time he’s tried to circumvent the agenda and found himself punished by Modi and looking silly at home. What next time?

Unhappily, the vision too is beginning to look frayed. Boon as it would be for the rest of Pakistan, there’s always been the suspicion that Nawaz on India is really about Punjab.

Punjab has everything, but it doesn’t have a Karachi. Tear down the wall with India and the goodness would spread everywhere, but the real bonanza would be for Punjab.

You saw the same thing on CPEC, the instinct to funnel stuff to the base, to Punjab. Why should it be any different with India?

So, onwards we limp. Long muzzled by the boys, everyone knows that. Now on Nawaz we are learning again: the vision is limited, the agenda is small and the tactics non-existent.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 23rd, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Petulant PML-N

THERE are several variations to it. Forgive and forget. That’s usually impossible. Forgive, but never forget. That takes assuredness.

And then there’s the PML-N: don’t forgive, but pretend to forget. The only ones they fool are themselves.

Mushahidullah has spoken, the heavens have shook, life will never be the same again. Until the next crisis.

Politicians are funny folk. They tend to chafe when others encroach.

Here’s the thing about the PML-N: even when they want to be honest, they do the dishonest thing.

You knew in an instant the army would react. It has, under the present leadership, nearly perfected the art of doing politics without being perceived to do politics.

Zarb-i-Azb, dharna, military courts — they get what they want and they get it while looking good and with no one blaming them. Heck, people cheer them on.

Get what you want and get cheered doing it — it’s the best of all worlds.

But politicians are funny folk. They tend to chafe when others encroach. And eventually they say something impolitic and unwise.

Stupid can also be sly though. Forget what Mushahidullah said and ask yourself this: what did it imply? If you block the hysteria and noise, it is fairly obvious.

It implied that Raheel was not in control. Nine months after taking over, the deputy was calling the shots. No 2 was manipulating No 1; the boss was being played for a patsy.

That made it a double-whammy: for the public, the boys’ political side was being exposed; to the rank and file, the boss was being made to look weak.

That made a riposte necessary. And there are few things in the world as slick and coordinated as the present GHQ-ISPR combine.

You can imagine there’ll be words exchanged in private too. Raheel is not known for letting his feelings remain unknown. Especially when it concerns the reputation of his beloved institution.

Which brings us back to the starting point: the PML-N’s peculiar approach of not forgiving, but pretending to forget — and getting into a twist every now and then when the pretence drops.

Maybe Nawaz and co really do believe it was Zaheer and not Raheel. Just like once upon a time it was Pasha and not Kayani.

Once down that rabbit hole, you can see what the N-League was trying to do. The dharna anniversary is here, the judicial commission has spoken, 2013 is settled and the PTI is in turmoil.

So, stick the knife in. Draw a line between Zaheer and the PTI for all the world, and Punjab, to see and let the media do its mischief.

The PML-N would get banged up too, but the truth about the PTI would be out there with minimal damage to the relationship with the still-serving chief — an enemy attacked with limited collateral damage or self-harm.

It was utterly stupid.

The boys, especially Raheel, are more popular than Nawaz. Fistfuls of mud flung at the boys right now are only going to make the guys doing the throwing look dirty. Especially when it concerns events past.

On to the voter. The independent is hardly going to be surprised to hear there’s a nexus between the PTI and the army.

But the independent is hardly going to be concerned about that when he decides which way to vote next. Hell, better relations with the boys may even imply more stable politics.

The core PTI voter isn’t going to care. The Sharifs are illegitimate, so anything done to bring them down is for the greater good.

Which leaves — the PML-N. The N-Leaguer may be pleased the truth is out there and may feel vindicated.

But it’s not like the PML-N voter was looking elsewhere to begin with. His party has had a good run of late and there is no real crisis.

The downside is all too clear though. To get to the PTI, the PML-N has made the army look bad and a popular chief look weak.

So you’ve pissed off the current crop of boys — for no apparent gain. These things have a spillover effect. They reinforce old biases and convictions.

The boys will know it was not just Mushahidullah. The PML-N has pretty much said what he did for over a year and, frankly, made no attempt to hide what they believe.

In the end, it comes down to this: the PML-N has lost its bite, but not its bark. In this new era of civ-mil, the PML-N has learned not to be defiant, but has yet to learn not to be petulant.

Maybe there was no conspiracy. But neither was there any attempt to pre-empt damage. That would have meant sending out a simple message to the party faithful ahead of the dharna anniversary:

Focus on the damage the dharna caused and be forward-looking. Whatever you do, don’t involve the army.

The risk of a blowout was high this first anniversary. The party has the capacity to coordinate its public messaging. So it comes down to will.

Last year, the PML-N chose to lay on the cross and accept its lashes. It wasn’t quite stoicism, but it was enough.

This year, no longer in danger and with 2013 settled, it chose to look back and spit at its tormentors. And the PML-N has reminded the rest of us that it doesn’t forgive and only pretends to forget.

Maybe though the PML-N shouldn’t forget the only fact that matters from the dharna: the PML-N is still with us because Raheel decided not to take over.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 16th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Rewriting history

IT’S a good thing that few will actually read the judgement. And at 900 pages, longer than the New Testament, it almost seems designed not to be read.

Because if you were to read it, you’d discover that it doesn’t much care for you.

It doesn’t make for pretty reading. Basically, the judicial majority has told us this: they will ultimately decide what parliament can or cannot do.

Curiously, none of the judges thought to examine how a constitutional amendment is passed.

Why? Because, for some reason, parliament can’t be trusted to do the right thing. But when it does do the wrong thing — like sanction military courts for civilians — the court won’t interfere.

Which leaves you wondering — what worse could parliament really do when it comes to rights? What, really, are the judges trying to protect?

The answer: the judiciary.

Here’s what the majority has rhetorically asked itself: what if parliament did something terrible? Like do away with democracy. Or, strangely, switch from a parliamentary form of government to presidential.

Or — always slipped in at the end of the fanciful hyperbole — what if parliament tried to do away with the INDEPENDENCE OF THE JUDICIARY? Who would save us — the judges, really — from that?

Put that way, it can seem scary.

Plus, have you had a look at our politicians recently? Nawaz the dunce, Asif the chor, Imran the whacko — who knows what the hell they could do to us in the name of us. Monsters, the lot of them.

But let’s get back to the real world. Why, really, would parliament do away with democracy itself? Or get rid of the judiciary? Or turn us into an elected dictatorship? And how?

Curiously, none of the judges thought to examine how a constitutional amendment is passed. Or maybe it isn’t so curious.

To get an amendment done, you need a separate two-thirds majority in each of the two houses of parliament. Not fifty-one per cent of the vote, but sixty-six per cent. Separately. A double super-majority.

That’s safeguard number one. None in the judicial majority thought to ask why the Constitution has that safeguard.

Then, there’s the Senate. Which is elected by the provincial assemblies. And which has equal representation from all the provinces.

Technically, to get to two-thirds in the Senate, you’d need to hold the full quota of Senate seats from a little more than two and a half of the provinces.

And since no one province has two-thirds of the seats in the National Assembly that would mean:

Our rogue parliament that may one day dump democracy and destroy all of us would need to be the most representative parliament in the history of this country ever.

Neither, for some curious reason, did the majority delve into recent constitutional history.

The terrible monsters that our politicians are, look what terrible, monstrous things they have done to us. It’s right there on the record.

Four amendments in five years! They’re out to destroy the fabric of our Constitution and our lives.

But let’s look at those four amendments. Of the four, two aren’t such a great idea — the 19th and the 21st.

They explicitly reduce the power of the politicians inside the constitutional scheme of things and undermine democratic tenets.

The other two are rather nice: they explicitly improve the structure of the democratic and electoral system in the country, the 18th and the 20th.

Here’s the funny thing about the 19th and the 21st: they weren’t parliament’s idea. One was forced on parliament by the Supreme Court, the other by the army.

So, recent constitutional record tells us the opposite of what the judicial majority wants to tell us: parliament can and has done bad things, but it has done bad things under pressure from other institutions.

When left to their own devices, our dirty, dastardly politicians actually end up doing rather decent things for the Constitution.

There’s more: the clauses that saved the 21st Amendment from being struck down by the judicial majority were pushed through — by the politicians.

It was the politicians who insisted that if they were going to have to do the 21st Amendment because the army wanted them to, they would make military courts very restrictive in terms of who those courts can try.

It was also the politicians who insisted on the sunset clause — that military courts would automatically stand disbanded after two years — in the 21st.

Dirty, dastardly politicians doing terrible, monstrous things to our democracy to benefit themselves at the expense of the people and other institutions? Just where are those folk?

But none of this was of interest to the judicial majority. Who cares about actual constitutional history when scare stories work better.

Go further back in history. If there’s ever been a constitutional amendment pushed through by a civilian to try and grab more power for himself, it was the 15th.

That whole business about Nawaz trying to install himself as Amirul Momineen. Nasty business that.

What’s this, though: the heavy-mandate National Assembly passed it, but then it got stuck in the Senate.

Where, if you believe rumours at the time, it wasn’t going to pass. And by which time there was chatter that Nawaz’s own party was deeply uneasy about what the hell was going on and was thinking of ways to stop him from taking them all down.

Dirty, dastardly politicians doing terrible, monstrous things to the rest of us in the name of us? Where?

Only if you ignore the desperately obvious: there have been dirty, dastardly folk who have done terrible, monstrous things to democracy in the name of the people — but those folk have never happened to be politicians.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 9th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The old dream

MULLAH Omar is dead. Osama is gone. It has the end-of-an-era ring to it. Which means, soon enough we’ll be, or possibly already are, in the next phase. So, what’s Pakistan’s place in it?

Part of it suggests good news. We’ve taken on the militants internally, nudged the Afghan Taliban to the negotiating table, aren’t spoiling for a war with India and a second successive set of assemblies are on track to complete their terms. It really isn’t the mid-1990s anymore.

Have a look at Iran and China to see what a difference two decades can make: China’s riches could wash over us if we can get our act together; Iran could soon clamber out of Western isolation, allowing us to plug into the revival there.

Factor in that war with India has never been more remote a possibility because of nuclear weapons and you have a Pakistan with an external outlook that is more positive than anything we’ve seen in a decade. Hell, even relations with the US are more stable than they have been in years.

But it is in Afghanistan and on Afghanistan where some of the less welcome stuff can also be seen. The Pakistani policy seems, for once, relatively straightforward: see if the Afghan government can accommodate the Afghan Taliban; see if the Afghan Taliban are willing to make peace; and try and figure out a way of everyone getting something.

If it works, great — Afghanistan will be relatively peaceful and stable and the danger of encirclement and mischief along the Durand Line will be more manageable for us. The boys will be able to live with it here and China and the US will be happy enough that an implosion in Afghanistan has been avoided.

If it doesn’t work, that’s a bit of a headache but at least we’ll be working with the Americans and the Chinese and they won’t blame us entirely for a semi-implosion.

It’s not like if the insurgency weren’t this intense, the post-Bonn Afghan state would have consolidated itself and become financially viable. That’s a structural flaw that can hardly be blamed on Pakistan. The Americans would understand. As would the Chinese.

Why is a serious and sustained Afghan Taliban presence in Afghanistan in Pakistan’s interest?

In any case, if implosion were to occur, why and how would the outside world, and the US or China in particular, punish Pakistan without risking further ins­tability in a region that nobody wants unravelling?

Pretty good, eh?

Well, not quite. Because it’s the boys controlling the policy, no one seems to have stopped and asked: why is a serious and sustained Afghan Taliban presence in Afghanistan in our — as in Pakistan’s and not just the boys’ institutional — interest?

Why, simply, should our state have a group such as the Afghan Taliban as its principal ally in a country with which we share a long, porous border?

No one asks that because everyone knows no one can influence the policy. The Afghan policy is the domain of the boys and the boys alone and two decades of Mullah Omar’s era in Afghanistan have not changed who calls the foreign policy and national security shots here.

But in the latest twists, you can see the old dream. The whole point to Mullah Omar, from the Pakistani perspective, back in the mid-90s, was that he could end the war, unify Afghanistan, open up the country to trade and investment and gradually take Afghanistan towards its geo-economic destiny: a pipeline, mining and trading economy that lashes together all the centrifugal local and regional forces.

First security, then economy, and then security through economy. For us and Afghanistan. It was quite the dream. When Unocal, Delta and Bridas — American, Saudi and Argentinean — came sniffing around about a trans-Afghan pipeline, the dream turned ecstatic. Then, Osama turned up and the rest is, well, history.

Today, it’s the same dream, but with adjustments made for the existence of a new Kabul. The configuration of power and the concessions to be made are made out to be the trickiest bits.

But once — if — that’s done, there it is, the same dream that lies beyond: a relatively stable country with pipelines criss-crossing it, mines humming with activity, and roads buzzing with container-laden trucks to land and sea ports near and far.

Eventually, the Taliban would send their daughters to school, their wives would gossip about the latest Pakistani soaps on cable TV and the men would debate which country offers the best smuggled electronics and cars, Iran or Pakistan? Taliban Lite, as it were.

Peace, happiness and a good night to you all.

Put that way it does seem worth a shot. Until you realise that that was also the dream of the post-Bonn Afghan state. The one we’ve helped the Afghan Tali­ban fight in the name of religion and nationalism.

Why though? Even today, the Afghan Taliban are our allies, not Ashraf Ghani. Why? Fear of encirclement and of penetration into Balochistan and Fata? Was that ever real? Has the price we’ve paid as a country — not just as an institution — been worth it?

What about the experience of the past two decades anywhere suggests it’s good to have men with guns in their hands and God on their minds as your principal allies?

Perhaps precisely because no one can change the policy now, the rest of us shouldn’t forget what it’s all about. Mullah Omar is dead, but an old dream lives on. It’s a dream pursued here in our — Pakistan’s — name, but has it ever been in our interest?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 2nd, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

A frivolous case

THE commission tried to be charitable. It threw in the bit at the end that the “PTI was not entirely unjustified in requesting the establishment” of the commission. It referred to the “suspicion of a sinister design”.

But we don’t have to be charitable. In the end, the PTI case of mass fraud and manipulation hung on two claims. Both those claims the commission took on in detail. Both were demolished in their entirety. Both — in the end — were nothing more than political smokescreens.

The first one, from the commission report: “562. The PTI has alleged that the Provincial Election Commission Punjab had employed 200 extra persons, picked up from the Urdu Bazar Lahore, just 48 hours before the polling and surreptitiously printed ballot papers to be delivered to unknown constituencies.”

Election officials are not the ISI. There’s little that can be kept secret at the constituency level.

That was the core of the PTI’s case and it went something like this: the ECP colluded with the senior Punjab bureaucracy handling election-related matters and with the caretaker chief minister to print bogus ballots in an unauthorised location and then had them delivered to specific constituencies where the PML-N trounced the PTI.

But it was fairly obvious what had happened, and the commission quickly unearthed it — astonishingly, from the very evidence given by the very witnesses that the PTI itself called to prove its claims.Basically, a lazy ECP realised late in the game that it had screwed up oversight of the printing of the ballot papers.

The Printing Corporation of Pakistan was supposed to print all ballots, but didn’t have the capacity when the final numbers were given to them by the ECP — so the Printing Corporation roped in the Pakistan Postal Foundation to help print roughly 20 million ballots for Punjab.

Amazingly, the numbering and binding of ballot books is done by hand — manually. Nearly two hundred million ballots. Numbered and bound by hand. In the 21st century. Welcome to Pakistan.

Of course, if the Printing Corporation doesn’t have an automated process, neither does the Postal Foundation — so the Postal Foundation handed several million unnumbered ballots to the Printing Corporation and left the Printing Corporation to deal with the headache. On the eve of the election.

A desperate and frantic Printing Corporation then had to hire more people at the last minute to number and bind the loose ballots supplied by the Postal Foundation — and for this the Printing Corporation initiated a pretty standard chain of actions: it contacted the ECP, which had its provincial appointee contact the Punjab administration and so were located the necessary workers.

Thirty-four experienced and qualified individuals — similar to the 80 already hired from all over the country to number and bind the ballots — were hurriedly found and sent from Lahore to Islamabad to get the job done.

It was, yes, an ad hoc arrangement that should never have been needed if the ECP had been more competent and alert — but it wasn’t surreptitious, and it involved many agencies coordinating transparently among, literally, hundreds of people and under the same multi-layered supervision and security applicable to the rest of the ballots.

The second allegation: “567. PTI had pointed out that in many constituencies ballot-papers in excess of total number of registered voters had been delivered, raising serious doubts that the same was done for ulterior motive and so as to facilitate rigging and manipulation.”

Basically, the PTI’s claim was that the ECP Action Plan for Printing of Ballot-Papers for General Election 2013 required the Provincial Election Commissioners, who report to the ECP, to determine the ballot count for each constituency based on the total required at each polling station rounded off to the next hundred.

The big gotcha moment for the PTI was that in Punjab, the Provincial Election Commissioner left it to the Returning Officers in each constituency to determine the number of ballots requested — the Punjab ROs, who were lower court judges, being in the pocket of the PML-N via then-CJ Iftikhar Chaudhry, according to the PTI.

So the commission again did the obvious — it looked at how the excess ballot requests were made. It was essentially a mess. The ECP didn’t really care about its own Action Plan, the PEC wasn’t interested either and the ROs came up with their own formulas — formulas that were based on arithmetic and that had nothing to do with who the candidates were in the constituency.

Instead of polling station-level calculations, polling booth-level calculations were made (a polling station usually has two or three booths). On top of that, additional margins were added by some ROs. That bloated and left uneven the excess-ballot count across some Punjab constituencies.

But — and this was really the crux of the allegation — the commission found no pattern to the excess ballot distribution; it found no evidence the excess ballots were systematically unaccounted for; and it found no evidence — direct or circumstantial — that the excess ballots were systematically used to benefit any party.

Basically, the commission found that the PTI had spun administrative anomalies into a vast conspiracy — but, at the most cursory of probing, the conspiracy collapsed into very ordinary explanations of a quintessentially Pakistani administrative cock-up.

Ah, but you’re thinking, that’s the state’s fault and the PTI only pointed out very real flaws and demanded they be investigated. Well, no. The PTI case was built on a sophisticated understanding of the election process — even your average candidate probably doesn’t know the intricacies of excess-ballot requests and printing arrangements.

You can’t possibly argue that you know the detail of printing arrangements, but not the reasons for them, especially when no one made any attempt at all to hide the explanations all along.You also can’t possibly argue that you know the details of excess-ballot requests, but not that they revealed no pattern that disadvantaged your party or helped the PML-N. Election officials are not the ISI. There’s little that can be kept secret at the constituency level.

The commission didn’t — couldn’t — say it, but the PTI case was frivolous. It was, though, a frivolity based on Imran Khan’s deadly serious quest to knock out the government and become prime minister.

But we knew that already. Onwards, to the next PTI gimmick.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 26th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

A tale of two meetings

AFGHAN Taliban meet Afghan government. Everyone looks to Pakistan. Nawaz meets Modi. Everyone looks to Modi, and wonders what the boys here make of it.

The good news is that we’re in the news for the right reasons. Security via diplomacy and peace tables. The bad news is that the real action is elsewhere — and those elsewheres may be undermining the good news.

Start with Afghanistan. The story goes something like this. Everyone knows Ghani wanted to do things differently with Pakistan. Neither beg nor demand, it was a new kind of risky pragmatism.

Modi didn’t want to talk, Modi is a hawk, Modi turned up the heat, Modi is to blame. All true enough on the Pak-India front.

Much of what Ghani has said or done has played out in public because private communications alone would not have sent the signal needed. By instigating the ire of his countrymen, perhaps Ghani could convince the boys here that he wasn’t drawing them into a trap.

So, Ghani was forceful and emphatic — and the world could see that if nothing good happened with Pakistan, he’d be seriously hurt at home. To win sometimes you have to show you’re ready to lose it all.

It was not left open-ended though. Word has it that Ghani indicated March or thereabouts was the maximum he could wait before pulling back and figuring out his next options. March or thereabouts coincided with the start of the spring offensive, the real measure of how things are going in Afghanistan.

Then, there was the Pakistani side. The boys said yes, we’ll help you out and these are the things we’ll do. It was specific stuff and pretty impressive. If it materialised, the war would be reined in and the peace process amped up.

Many wondered if it was too good to be true. But there it was, in black and white. And straight from the chief himself. Actionables. Deliverables. Real, measurable stuff.

Then, nothing happened. It seemed odd. Surely, the chief wouldn’t lie. Double games are one thing, but to be blunt and specific and give your word and then have little happen was odd. It broke the unspoken rules of such stuff.

Slowly, opinion crystallised. Raheel had wanted to and meant what he said, but perhaps we had over-promised. It wasn’t an intra-institution misreading, but an external one.

Basically, Raheel had lined up all his ISI, army high command ducks in a row, but there had been assumptions made about how and when the Afghan Taliban ducks would be lined up.

Turns out, according to this theory, Pakistan wasn’t really able to line up the Afghan Taliban ducks as quickly or in the way the boys thought they could. Too many ducks with opinions of their own, apparently. A divided Taliban, with many recalcitrant ducks, apparently.

OK, so we over-promised. But a promise is a promise. And folk outside just weren’t seeing the kind of pressure on the AfgT inside Pakistan that they believed we had. If the carrot wasn’t working, then why the hell weren’t we using the stick instead?

Rough up the AfgT a bit. Arrest the troublemakers among them. Squeeze their movements. Create trouble for the families. Make the Taliban feel the heat.

But we mostly stuck to coaxing and cajoling. It was maddening and maddeningly slow. Plodding Foreign Office diplomacy has nothing on ISI diplomacy.

The sceptics though are wary. Essentially, the AfgT have taken what the Americans were reluctant to do — talk and fight — and run with it. The vicious and sprawling spring offensive has left the Afghan government reeling and presumably that much more amenable to giving whatever they need to at the bargaining table.

Meanwhile, the AfgT are comfortable either way. They needn’t hurry to talk because they have the momentum on the battlefield. Let the enemy limp to the end of the fighting season and on into a long, cold, miserable winter of dark thoughts and uglier choices.

A policy that looks like it’s changed but still yields the same results? Only in Pakistan.

On to India. Modi didn’t want to talk, Modi is a hawk, Modi turned up the heat, Modi is to blame. All true enough on the Pak-India front.

Also true: Modi is learning on the job. When he became agitated, the world got alarmed and the influential parts of the world stepped in. You guys can’t squabble away like this, influential parts of the world said.

We were always going to listen and Modi has learned that he has to defer to — or be seen to defer to — the outside world on occasion. But you can tell neither side really has its heart in it.

Nawaz is rightly miffed that Modi turned out to be the hawk that folk had warned he would be. But Nawaz being miffed can’t obscure that Nawaz had already failed at Step One, which was to bring the boys on board.

Without the boys on board, it doesn’t matter who’s in Delhi. Pak-India can’t be figured out or even worked on if civ-mil hasn’t been figured out or even worked on.

If we can figure that out sitting over here, you can imagine what a hawk sitting in Delhi would make of it. Talk to Nawaz when the boys won’t listen? Uhuh.

And that arrogance and complacency is what makes the hawk in Delhi the best friend of the boys here: the boys get status quo, but Delhi gets the blame.

Security via diplomacy and peace tables is always good news. But when the real action may be elsewhere, brace yourself for bad news.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 12th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Missed opportunity

IT’S that time of the year again. Switched off, dozing off, waiting for the month to end and things to pick up again — it’s hard to find much of interest or to hold folk’s interest for long. Hence a lot of that silliness on TV this week. But scratch around a bit and there is a thing or two that can be found.

Have a look over at the judicial commission. It was supposed to be a blockbuster. The fate of the May 2013 election hung in the balance. Fireworks were expected. And then — nothing. Exactly as expected.

The chief justice will spend his last weeks in office sifting through long-winded presentations masquerading as evidence and writing up a lengthy report on the election. He needn’t bother.

Here’s a perfectly good summary. Imran Khan wanted to be prime minister. Imran Khan didn’t become prime minister. Imran Khan refused to accept he didn’t become prime minister.

Nobody thought May 2013 was free and fair. It was, though, credible and acceptable. But credible and acceptable can be improved on.

So much for May 2013. But in the backward-looking mandate, there could have been forward-looking changes. Nobody thought May 2013 was free and fair. It was, though, credible and acceptable. But credible and acceptable can be improved on.

In three areas defects were revealed: polling, tabulation and storage. If you screw up the polling process, the sanctity of the ballot is violated. If you screw up the counting process, the principle of every vote matters is lost. And if you screw up storage and safekeeping, the rights of the candidate are violated. All three happened in May 2013 and its aftermath. To get to free and fair, all three of those problems would need to be fixed.

The commission has already blown one opportunity for change. Public interest in the commission is low. And low public interest translates into no pressure for change. Partly it was the content, which was beyond the commission’s control. When stuff hinges on what was in Form 15 and where was Form 14 and whatever the hell is Form Whatever, people tune out.

But the commission could have ginned up interest. You can imagine an Iftikhar Chaudhry or a Jawwad Khawaja would have created a headline or two.

Say something outrageous. Ask a cutting question or two. Get people interested. None of that happened, so people aren’t interested at the moment.

Without public interest and media pressure you can’t imagine the politicians taking electoral reforms seriously. And if the politicians don’t take it seriously, reforms won’t happen.

There is though another chance for the commission. Do the unexpected. Produce a sensational report. A slashing, brutal report that uses May 2013 to build momentum for change.

But that’s also the problem. A slashing, brutal report would get the country’s attention and put pressure on the pols to get serious about poll reforms.

Though how do you produce a report that grabs attention but also carefully weighs at what point irregularities tip over into mass fraud and an unrepresentative parliament? That may be a trick too far for this most placid of courts.

Which is a pity because the key reform is easy enough to figure out: work on the ECP. Both in its constitution and its workings, the ECP, the guys tasked with holding elections, is unfit for the task.

Which is odd because twice now in recent years the ECP has been constitutionally strengthened. But it was strengthened in a way that responded to old fears, not present-day needs.

Basically, the 18th and 20th Amendment tinkerings were designed to give the ECP members security of tenure. Y’know, to prevent politicians from sacking them and replacing them with more pliable alternatives. That’s a good thing. The bad thing was whom the constitutional amendments settled on as the embodiment of a good ECP member: effectively, retired members of the superior judiciary.

Here’s the thing with retired high court and Supreme Court judges, even the noblest among them: they aren’t administrators. And elections are essentially vast administrative exercises.

Once upon a time, the problem was an ECP that would sign off on or look the other way when a strongman tried to manipulate elections. Like in 2002 and 2008. Y’know, when actual rigging happened.

An honest, scrupulous retired judge with security of tenure as an ECP member probably won’t sign off on naked manipulation. But that’s only the top-down kind of manipulation, the systematic kind that really only the army can engineer.

In civilian times, the manipulation is localised and all too easy because of a weak link — that between the five-member ECP at the top and the vast army of election officials out in the field.

Security of tenure and strong powers means nothing unless you know how to work with the army of officials deputed to work for you.

Remember, the folk who actually conduct the polls aren’t employees of the ECP, they just report to it for a few days around the time of an election. That right there is the weak link — and why you need strong administrators.

To translate the powers the ECP has into a smoothly functioning, scrupulous and responsible election machine at the level of the polling station and constituency, you need someone at the top who knows how to coax and cajole and get the best out of local workers. And who isn’t afraid to use the stick when necessary.

Retired, upstanding members of the superior judiciary just aren’t cut out for that. But never mind — you’re bored already. Which is exactly the point. Reforms are unsexy and details wearisome — but they’re also what build institutions.

Unwittingly, the judicial commission may have just proved the point: good judges tend not to know how to gin up interest or work the political process. Or run an election.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 5th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The politics of fear

TO the average, apolitical observer, the politics of Sindh makes little sense. MQM in Karachi, Hyderabad; PPP in interior Sindh — it adds up to quite the horror show.

Sure, the mercenary politics of Punjab, the tribalism of Balochistan and the ruthlessness of the Peshawar valley have their own peculiarities. But what the heck is up with Sindh?

Now that the boys have decided to take on cleaning up Sindh a bit, that question is being asked in nuanced and glib ways. The nuanced variation is, what’s the endgame here?

Any which way you look at it, even if you factor in decapitation, it’s not like the MQM and the PPP will simply dissolve under pressure.

Any which way you look at it, even if you factor in decapitation, it’s not like the MQM and the PPP will simply dissolve under pressure.

But then, if you unpack what is being attempted, at its core it amounts to a re-engineering of the two parties. After all, if the baseline is the elimination or surgical separation of the MQM’s militant wing, would not that cause the party itself to collapse?

And if the baseline with the PPP is choking off Asif and Faryal’s epic plunder, would that not fundamentally alter the party set-up in Sindh? Hence, the nuanced question: what’s the endgame here? IE do the boys really know what they’re doing?

The glib variation is, why are the MQM and PPP so impervious to disaster?

Punjab swaps its mercenaries around; the Peshawar valley has swung MMA, ANP and PTI in three successive elections; hell, even Balochistan mixes up its winning permutation of sardars and tribals from election to election.

But no matter what the MQM does to Karachi and Hyderabad and no matter what the PPP does to Sindh, they get voted in — 90pc Karachi, Hyderabad to MQM; 60pc interior Sindh to PPP.

It’s manifestly self-defeating — and yet, the vote is real and not significantly coerced. Sure, the MQM pads its seat count through brute force and the PPP has its regressive landowners, but a great deal of the support for both parties is genuine.

Perhaps though the nuanced and the glib questions have a common answer: Sindh is about the politics of fear. A double-layered fear, the first of the Mohajirs within Sindh and the second of the Sindhis within the federation. Fear — and look away now if you’re a supporter of either — is perhaps the essence of the MQM and the PPP vote banks.

There is no one history of the Mohajir in Sindh. Even between the neighbours Karachi and Hyderabad the trajectories were different and the responses to religious, liberal and nationalist influences varied. But if time can be measured in Sindh — post-Partition Sindh, that is — there is the pre-language riots and the post-language riots of the early 1970s.

The language dispute pit the educated, plugged-into-the-state-apparatus, job-holding, middle-class Mohajir against a new, eternal rival: the newly educated, wanting-to-plug-into-the-state-apparatus, white-collar-job-seeking, rising-middle-class Sindhi.

Curiously, Altaf’s great contribution was to paper over this rivalry. Altaf’s brand of Mohajir nationalism centred, originally, not on suspicion of Sindhis, but on anti-settlerism, ie anti-Punjab, anti-Pakhtun.

But that recalibration couldn’t hide the basic dynamic: the Mohajirs needed a strong, muscular, singular party to protect their jobs, to protect the resources they commanded, to protect their place in the provincial pecking order and to protect the Mohajir’s image of himself.

Minus the MQM, there is really no one to prevent a siphoning off of resources from the Mohajir to the Sindhi and the Sindhi potentially squashing the Mohajir. Many a Sindhi would scoff at that possibility, but that’s the thing about fear: it responds to what is imagined, not what is likely.

Which is why, much as you can find disquiet within the MQM’s support base at the party’s long slide towards a mafia-esque existence, the supporter remains loyal: the Mohajir needs the MQM more than perhaps the MQM needs the Mohajir.

With the Sindhi you can sense a similar contradiction: in the instinctive veneration of the Bhuttos of yore, there is perhaps a deep unease with the PPP of today. But an old logic still applies.

The PPP was and is the only vehicle for the Sindhi to be able to press his case at the national level, inside the federation. ZAB was the dream in that he could woo and win in Punjab too, assuring the Sindhi that his interests would never be harmed at the centre.

Minus the PPP, the Sindhi is left with the fractious nationalist alternative and a scrabble of useless winners who can barely project power outside their constituencies. Minus the PPP, the Sindhi has no one who can lobby on his behalf and fight for his rights against the dominant Punjab at the centre.

Minus the PPP, the Sindhi is vulnerable. And so they keep voting PPP.

There is another part to it, to the staticness in Sindh. The PTI missed a trick in Sindh because when the Mohajir showed some interest in the PTI, the PTI didn’t reciprocate. The Mohajir, especially the white-collar, educated, aspirational Mohajir, is a natural fit for the PTI’s urban-centric politics — and the Mohajir need not worry about the PTI aligning with the PPP.

But Imran showed little interest in anything outside Punjab and that was that.

With the Sindhi, some among its burgeoning middle class wonder why it has not sprouted an alternative to the PPP and the coterie of nationalists and thugs. But they also tend to answer their own question: the dirty little secret of interior Sindh is that the PPP has bought off the middle class too, fattened it to the point of stupor and numbed its instinct for political dissent and organisation.

So, there it is. The MQM may be a monstrosity and Zardari’s PPP may be a monstrosity, but both stand on old edifices of fear — the Mohajir’s fear inside Sindh and the Sindhi’s fear inside the federation.

Which goes back to the nuanced question: what’s the endgame here? IE do the boys really know what they’re doing?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 28th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The Zardari myth

THE cool cat is flustered. A grimace has replaced the perma-grin. Trouble is a comin’. But we have seen this Asif before.

Back during memogate; back when Haqqani’s conniving put himself and his boss in real danger; back when Zardari had to be flown off to Dubai and the country left wondering if it still had a president.

Back when things were different, when the transition to democracy was relatively new. Back then Asif recovered.

Husain was kicked to the kerb, Gilani stood his ground, Nawaz backed off, Kayani abided by the second-term deal and Pasha was made to drift into retirement.

Back then Zardari looked like the uber survivor and the grin soon reappeared. But this round is exposing the frailties.

What are the boys really up to? The baseline is clear: they want the worst excesses cut out and some semblance of acceptability returned to Karachi and Sindh.

Now, assume you’re Zardari. You’d have two problems with that baseline. First, you can’t be sure that’s the real intention — do a bit of trimming and pruning and, next thing you know, they demand something else, something more.

Essentially, you can’t be sure that decapitation isn’t the real goal.

Second, you are the worst excess yourself. If the baseline demand is to cut out the worst excesses, to do a bit of trimming and pruning, how do you jettison yourself? Or your sister? Or your inner circle? Or the guys who know all your secrets and whom you can’t cut loose because they may turn on you?

A sharper, better counselled, more alert Zardari would have done the speech differently.

Basically, what is being demanded is an overhaul of the Zardari way. The ostensibly simple — cut out the worst excesses — is really the profoundly complicated — start from scratch your model of business and politics.

So you can see why Asif would be anxious.

More telling though is that he’s let slip that he may have panicked — and is far from at the top of his game. A sharper, better counselled, more alert Zardari would have done the speech differently.

Rather than warn the boys off, he could have dared them to take him on. None of this business of arresting models in airports or raiding some bureaucrats’ files or this drip-drip of rumours surrounding the inner circle.

None of this roundabout way and pussyfooting about. If you want me, come and get me — that would have clarified the stakes.

First, the boys don’t like straight-up slugfests. They prefer what they think are the dark arts of scheming and plotting. Second, it would have turned the narrative around a bit. Right now, it’s about do-gooders v the exploiters, the crusading v the corrupt, those on the side of the people and those against.

But if Asif had said, come and get me if you want me, the narrative would turn to civ-mil too; to worries about the quality of democracy, yes, but also the fear of it being snatched away again; to the generals gaining strength by dismantling a politician yet again.

Had Zardari done it that way — dared them to get him — it’s not like he would be saved or that the narrative would immediately be turned.

But it would have helped him clamber back on the national stage, out of the provincial hole he’s dug himself into. And that’s an infinitely better place to mount a defence from.

Think about it this way. Are the boys going after the PPP now because the pillaging and incompetence is out of control or are the boys going after them because they can now?

Karachi may be lucrative and Sindh may have some coin, but it’s no Islamabad and running the whole damn country. The federal kitty, federal contracts, access to four provinces — how does any of that even remotely compare to what can be done in just Sindh?

And yet the mythology is that a PPP with just one provincial government is managing to outdo a PPP with a federal government, two provincial governments (Balochistan, Sindh), a partnership in a third (Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), and with a governor in a fourth (Punjab).

It can’t and they aren’t. But that’s precisely what being reduced to a provincial rump does — it leaves you vulnerable to myths and attacks.

In memogate, the repercussions were systemic and national — and therefore undesirable. So allies appeared and disaster was averted. In Sindh, the repercussions seem regional and specific — and seemingly desirable. And so there are no allies appearing.

Contrast Nawaz’s reaction now to his reaction then. Sharif was lured into taking memogate to the Supreme Court, but once it was apparent that decapitation was the goal, he quickly backed off. Because national Zardari had national consequences. Now, a Sindh Zardari doesn’t seem worth helping out so much.

Same with the army — then an ISI crusader was restrained by a chief who saw a tableau wider than one that always subordinates politics to security. This time round, why should the chief balk at what an ISI crusader may want done in Sindh?

Same also goes for the supporting cast — Gilani the PM from Punjab roared to his boss’s defence then. This time round, who’s inclined in Punjab or KP or Balochistan to fight for a boss besieged in Sindh?

A sharper, better counselled, more alert Zardari would have realised much of that and done the speech this week differently. If you want to save yourself regionally, go national.

But then a sharper, better counselled, more alert Zardari would not have found himself in a regional hole to begin with.

Maybe a sharper, better counselled, more alert Zardari is a thing of the past? Or was it always just a myth that circumstances had made seem real?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 21st, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

India, Pakistan, again

FORGET the loons and the kooks, the puff-chested braggarts and the incorrigible denialists, and ask yourself this: what is the Pak-India relationship really about?

At its core, as defined in the present era, stripped of hype and hyperbole, denuded of posturing and silliness, what is it that Pakistan and India need of each other in strategic terms?

Not trade, not normalisation, none of the aspirational stuff — what can the two of them simply not ignore about the other?

For India, it’s pretty straightforward: avoid another Mumbai. That means, can’t ignore the anti-India lot, LeT and the like, sloshing around in Pakistan.

Combined, the Pakistani and Indian responses make for some fireworks and a great deal of noise. But it does little to change the contradiction at the heart of the relationship.

From an Indian perspective, anti-India militancy in Pakistan has to be the baseline — no state, government or security establishment can possibly ignore it. Nor should they. Nor will they.

For Pakistan, you have to probe a little more, but it comes into view all right. It’s not Kashmir, at least not Kashmir in the conventional sense described here.

The K-boat sailed a long time ago and nothing more will be wrested, at the negotiating table or on the battlefield, than roughly the four-point solution of the Mush era.

So, unfinished business or not, what we’re lectured about or not, Kashmir is hardly a strategic core, whose presence or absence directly determines the very course of the country.

At most Kashmir is an institutional core — allowing the boys to justify their exalted status and internal predominance.

So, what then? It’s the Indian war machine, specifically, its conventional capabilities. It’s the only thing that’s unsustainable — the threat of a chasm between the conventional capabilities of the two countries.

The Kashmir dispute we can sustain, water we can probably keep squabbling over, no-trade status we can continue, people-to-people contact we can ignore, but there’s an inherent divergence in the conventional capabilities of us and them that folk here gloss over with a little lie.

That lie is this: the wider the conventional gap grows — as India plays catch-up with and overtakes Pakistan in various aspects of the military realm — all that will happen is that Pakistan will lower the nuclear threshold and hence Pakistan will still be able to protect itself. Neat and deadly.

But follow that logic a bit. We already have an example: from the Indian parliament attack to Operation Parakram to the quasi-mooting of Cold Start to Pakistan developing smaller missiles that can carry miniaturised nuclear warheads, the whole spiral has already played out.

Great. We feel safe. Here’s the problem though: tactical nuclear missiles only respond to the threat of a rapid and limited ground invasion by the Indians. There are a whole bunch of other options.

A sea blockade by the Indian navy or air strikes by the Indian air force, for example. Or, if we want to get really fancy, imagine a multi-day episode like Mumbai that triggers an OBL-style Indian raid on Muridke before the militant attack is snuffed out in India.

Much of that is fantasy, either because India can only dream of such capabilities or because it’s insanely expensive to assemble. But, given its economic trajectory, given the money it can set aside for its military, given its external relationships and given the highly skilled pockets of labour available to it, India can afford to at least take a partial stab at fantasy.

Then what? To every new conventional capability India threatens or acquires, Pakistan can’t simply lower the nuclear threshold further. That would be absurd and unworkable for a bunch of reasons, not least because it would mean us sitting on a hair-trigger that would give the world jitters.

So, in every realistic scenario, Pakistan cannot let the conventional parity with India grow too out of whack. And in every realistic scenario, Pakistan simply doesn’t have the resources to compete conventionally — if India decides to hit the accelerator.

Either it would bankrupt us à la the Soviets and the Cold War or it would drive us to do something desperate before the point of no return is reached.

That, then, is the core of the Pak-India relationship: the intolerable threat of militancy for India and the unsustainable proposition of a conventional arms race for Pakistan.

And that also explains why the relationship is again near insoluble — the fear of one feeds the fear of the other.

Why should Pakistan give up on the proxy threat when it can’t compete in the long term in the conventional realm and militancy is the one thing India doesn’t have an answer to?

And why would India give up the option of pulling away conventionally if it’s the one thing that could make Pakistan consider giving up its proxies for good?

The worst thing about the Pak-India relationship is not that it doesn’t make sense, but that, when you look at it closely, the damn thing makes a kind of perverse sense.

Which brings us to the present. Pakistan’s hedge against a possible arms race with India has been to stabilise ties with the US: chummy up to the Americans and keep the weapons flowing while there’s a hawk in Delhi. It’s no accident that ties with the US are at their most stable in years.

India’s response to the continuing militancy threat has been to change tack from Manmohan Singh’s tentative diplomacy to Modi flirting with the proxy threat against Pakistan.

Combined, the Pakistani and Indian responses make for some fireworks and a great deal of noise. But it does little to change the contradiction at the heart of the relationship.

An intolerable threat for the Indian side and an unsustainable proposition for the Pakistani side is a riddle no one appears to have the answer to.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 14th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Budget notes

Two years, three budgets, three-fifths of the way to go — it’s that time of the year, so may as well check in on the state of things. Spoiler alert: basically, more of the same (as if you hadn’t already heard).

Straight to the budget then. Numbers can be intimidating and obscure, but our moribund fiscal situation helps simplify the maths. It’s really the same thing every year: debt servicing + defence budget + civil administration + subsidies = direct + indirect taxes.

Read: Budget 2015: between push and pull

That’s right, four inescapable expenditures on the left side equals the total money the tax man collects each year. Which means every single rupee spent on everything else is borrowed money.

Hang on a minute, you’re thinking. You already spot the problem: subsidies! Those thieves in PIA, Railways and Steel Mills are sucking us dry. Privatise them!

Both the government and the IMF are just kidding around. Each side knows one incontrovertible truth about the other.

But 85pc of subsidies go to something called tariff differentials — that’s basically the difference between the cost of production of electricity and what the government allows the consumer to be charged.

That’s exactly the problem of the entire electricity sector reduced to one number and because no one knows how to fix the electricity sector, subsidies are now a baseline expenditure.

Also read: Budget rundown: The devil is in the details

But we digress. So, yes, if you want to spend anything on anything extra — say, those development expenditures that everyone rails about or anything else you want the government to do by way of basic services — it must come from borrowed money.

Here’s the first thing about borrowed money: our governments don’t really mind borrowing. And here’s the second thing about borrowed money: the Pakistani economy has the capacity to absorb much state debt. (It’s called the debt-to-GDP ratio and Pakistan is nowhere near an international outlier.)

Explore more: Budget 2015-16: What went up, what went down

But borrowing comes with a cost. The government could just print more money to finance the everything-else on the expenditure side that isn’t covered by taxes — except printing money is inflationary and tends to compound problems.

The other alternative is to borrow — from home or abroad. And that’s where the only story that matters about the budget plays out in cycles.

Governments here — all governments — borrow a chunk of money each year to pay for the stuff they can’t raise taxes to pay for. Eventually, that borrowing gets them in trouble because the regular, ho-hum borrowing is at some point buffeted by extraordinary borrowing.

Take a look: Ishaq Dar eyes 7pc growth by tenure end

Usually, it’s an external shock, say, a spike in petroleum or food prices drives up subsidies, though sometimes its internal pressure, say, financing some military operation somewhere or looking after a hundred thousand new IDPs.

Regular borrowing compounded by extraordinary borrowing tends to make private lenders, local and foreign, skittish and so they demand an extra pound of flesh. A pound that Pakistan cannot afford or doesn’t have or can’t borrow.

And then it happens — back to the IMF, the lender of last resort, who’ll give you cheap money to pay for some of the things you can’t afford to finance yourself, but then will tell you how much you can spend and what exactly you can spend it on.

Which, frankly, isn’t such a bad thing here — because we’ve yet to find a government that has its spending priorities right in terms of broad-based, deep and lasting social and economic change.

Also read: Defence budget raised by 11.6pc to Rs781 billion

But there’s a catch, as there always is with Pakistan. Both the government and the IMF are just kidding around. Each side knows one incontrovertible truth about the other.

The IMF knows the government — whichever government — is not really committed to restructuring the state’s finances. The government — whichever government — knows that the IMF will always rescue it for geopolitical reasons.

And so, among the experts’ yawns and the public’s quizzical looks, is buried the real secret of Pakistan’s finances: the whole bloody scheme is really quite sustainable.

Think of it as an elastic band, Pakistan at one end, the IMF at the other. When the going is good, the government’s spendthrift instinct is indulged by the finance ministry — why worry about a bit of red ink when the red light isn’t flashing?

Then, when the red light flashes, the finance ministry, hectored by the IMF, steps in and takes away some of the spendthrift government’s toys. That right there is the key: relative restraint.

No one here has ever gone all Greek on the economy. The IMF has never put us to the sword. That allows the elastic band to get pulled in one direction and then the other without ever breaking.

Right now, we’re at the midpoint of a familiar cycle. We spent too much and raised too little, so we had to go to the IMF to lend to us when no one else would. Because that money came with a catch, spending restraints, there’s now some appetite built up in the system for spending more.

In the year or two ahead — or maybe three or four — the appetite to spend will be indulged once again because the spending caps will have created the space to indulge the appetite to spend once again.

Neat, isn’t it? Or maybe not. More like the frustration of dealing with an errant schoolchild.

The child’s instinct is to do what he pleases — GoP: spend, spend, spend — but he’s still meek enough to be disciplined — IMF: go to the principal’s office! — leaving everyone tired and exhausted, but cataclysm averted.

Right now, we’re on our way out of the principal’s office and you can bet thoughts are already turning to the next mischief.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 7th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

LG ennui

WHAT’S the big deal about local governments, anyway? The experts tell us they matter; the electorate tends to respond anaemically; and the public doesn’t really seem to know what local governments will do.

And so here we are, halfway through LG elections, with Sindh and Punjab to come next, in September. Maybe all we need to know about these local governments is that the provinces run by the biggest political parties of the last few decades — the PPP and PML-N — will be the last to hold LG elections.

Arch-democrats finishing last in the democracy race? You already know something is amiss. But what exactly?

The basic truth is that both civilian and military dispensations like to centralise power — it’s just that their preferred centres are different.

The standard narrative is this: civilians like democracy, the army does not. The basic fact is this: thrice military dispensations have created local-government structures and thrice successor civilian governments have gutted them.

And the basic truth is this: both civilian and military dispensations like to centralise power — it’s just that their preferred centres are different.

For a military-run dispensation, aka dictatorship, a basic formula has emerged: build your legitimacy on a tripod of Supreme Court sanctification; quick and blingy urban-skewed economic growth; and local governments. That tripod is the base for relative legitimacy, allowing a dictator to go on to survive a decade or so before being kicked to the kerb.

But why local governments? Why not stick to the two-tiered system? Here’s where the dirty little secret comes in: the provinces are exactly where political parties would like power concentrated.

Political parties claim they hate centralisation, but it’s only centralisation of a certain kind they hate — the one in Islamabad, either in a one-man presidency or a presidency-controlled parliament. Political parties love power concentrated at the provincial level — because that’s where they are the best organised and the most resilient.

The dictator knows that, so that’s why each time he’s tried to bypass the provincial tier and create a local political leadership that is beholden to him. And the politician also knows that, that’s why each time a dictator has been kicked out, the federal government — drawn from the same parties that dominate the provinces — has scuttled what the dictator tried to do.

The story of the 18th Amendment is perfectly illustrative of the local government dynamic. Everyone’s heard of the great devolution of powers from Islamabad to the provinces in the 18th Amendment; some two dozen ministries and departments devolved to the provinces; and all that money transferred to the provinces under the last NFC award.

Everyone’s heard of it because that’s what the politicians bragged about. But hear any of them say anything about the third tier of government around the time of the 18th Amendment? No. Because they did nothing for the third tier — it was Musharraf who introduced the operational LG clause in the Constitution, Article 140-A, via the 14th Amendment.

Ah, but at least they didn’t chuck it out this time, you’re thinking. And at least the provinces are holding the elections now. Well, follow that story a bit. Why exactly are we having local government elections just now?

Post-Charter of Democracy it would have been bad form for the last parliament to have thrown out LGs altogether or for the present assemblies to ignore them completely, but it was really the Court of Chaudhry that got us here. Chaudhry was the one insistent on LG elections and it was his court that produced the original judgement demanding the provinces hold LG elections.

At his farewell reference, this happened, according to this newspaper: “Commenting on local government polls in the country, the chief justice said the apex court ensured the constitutional command of Article 140-A in that regard. ‘I am confident and hopeful that the judiciary will continue to support democracy in this vein’.”

The language may be soft, but it spoke of great disruption — getting the provinces to hold LG elections was one of the cornerstones of Chaudhry’s judicial hyper-activism. Ah, but he’s been gone since December 2013 and the LG election schedule came in March this year, you’re thinking

But see who’s been there all along, coaxing, cajoling, haranguing and thundering at the governments and the ECP — a Chaudhry disciple and possibly the last judge left on the bench in the Chaudhry mould, Jawwad Khawaja.

It was this Khawaja threat in early March that nearly precipitated a crisis: “We are deliberately exercising caution and restraint by not issuing contempt notices to the chief executive, but the court will not show reluctance in fulfilling its constitutional obligations if it is established that judgement was flouted.”

The threat to issue a contempt notice to the prime minister over the LG elections in cantonment areas was enough to alarm the ECP and the provinces into drawing up an acceptable election schedule.

Why does any of this matter? All of it is a matter of public record and happened in broad daylight and is nothing new. It matters because it explains why while the experts tell us local governments matter, the electorate tends to respond anaemically and the public doesn’t really know what local governments do.

As long as the politicians prefer to concentrate power at the provincial level, local governments are going to remain largely ineffective and irrelevant. One way that could change is if the court leads the way — as is it did under Chaudhry and as it can with a potentially pivotal case before the Supreme Court involving the signal-free-corridor in Lahore, which could clarify the extent to which the provinces can limit or override the powers of local governments.

Another is a question of time: as the association with military dictators fades, local governments could become palatable to politicians — assuming the transition to democracy continues uninterrupted. A third route would be to create more provinces first, making it easier for politicians to accept the inherent legitimacy of local governments. But that seems a non-starter for the same reason politicians dislike LGs.

Any which way, however, it will take many years, possibly a generation or more. Until then, expect a great deal of the public to remain bemused by or uninterested in local governments.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 31st, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

The Bol implosion

The high point was the lawyers’ movement and the first restoration of Iftikhar Chaudhry. TV news had come of age in Pakistan. The low point came immediately after — Lal Masjid and the wretched pandering to the obscene and dangerous.

Either way, the truth was out: the news was never going to be the same again.

And it hasn’t been the same.

Read: Damning NYT report uncovers Axact's fake degrees scam

The Axact debacle matters because of Bol. If it weren’t for Bol, Axact would be just another dodgy business at worst and a template for the young and unscrupulous at best — use the power of the internet to part a fool and his money in distant lands? Yes, please.

Axact became Axact because exactly everyone in the state structure who was supposed to do their job, didn’t do their job.

But for some reason Axact decided to get into the business of media. And for that reason we have now a most stunning media crises — an implosion that dwarfs the Malik Riaz-Arsalan Iftikhar scandal, the bidding wars of the May 2013 election coverage and the Hamid Mir-ISI debacle of last year, possibly combined.

The Axact debacle, now Bol implosion, has laid bare everything that’s wrong with the media today — and some of the things wrong with the state, too. Why was it the NYT that had to break this story, folk have wondered. Why couldn’t the Pakistani media report on a Pakistani story to a Pakistani audience?

Also read: FIA raids Axact offices, takes records and employees into custody

Because the old media wouldn’t have, while the new media can — but it wouldn’t have mattered if it had. Old media is bound by a quaint code of honour: don’t talk about your competitors and don’t get ahead of the news. New media is bound by no such code — but imagine if one of the channels had run the Axact story.

Imagine if Geo or Express or ARY or Dunya had lined up a bunch of ex-Axact employees and got them to confess on air. In detail. About the degrees and the websites and the sales agents and all the rest of it.

BREAKING NEWS. Flashing red screen. Breathless newsreaders. High-profile anchors gravely intoning on air. The whole shebang. What would have happened?

If Bol had been on air, it would have launched a ferocious counter-campaign instantly. Lies. A conspiracy. We’re a legitimate company. Everything is in order. It’s our rivals who are illegitimate and corrupt. Look, here are the documents.

Here’s the proof. They’re a bunch of crooks.

BREAKING NEWS. Flashing red screen. Breathless newsreaders. High-profile anchors gravely intoning on air. The whole shebang.

One channel would be accusing Bol, Bol would be accusing its accuser — and the viewer would be left to toggle between the two. Most would have watched the chaos for a bit and then switched off the TV and gone to bed. Let those fools fight it out, the viewer may have shrugged. I just want the news.

But Bol isn’t on air and it was The New York Times that launched the devastating attack, causing everyone else to pile on. Still, Bol may have emerged bowed but not broken, diminished but not destroyed, had Axact not made the parvenu’s error of failing to convert dodgy origins into more respectable roots first.

Now Bol is dead — a brand too toxic and too damaged by association for anyone to go near. Not for a long time at least. And in its death, Bol has confirmed what has been visible for a while: that much of TV is already beyond rescue — inhabiting a space that long ago lost touch with anything that had to do with journalism and propriety.

Also read: Domino effect: Senior journalists leave BOL amid controversy

That the media wars are really about a nexus of business, politics and influence peddling where no one really gives a toss about the public interest — and few care if that becomes more and more apparent.

Because, ultimately, the news channels have a captive audience. For reasons of economics — papers are too expensive, cable is staggeringly cheap — and for reasons of human nature and politics — a lot of folk will always want to know what’s going on around them and most Pakistanis will want to know what’s going on in politics — news channels will always have an audience.

No matter the credibility, no matter the biases, no matter the scandals — folk will keep watching. They have to. They have no choice.

And that will keep drawing in the Axacts. Because who else would? The old guard, the self-declared keepers of the flame, will always keep their heads down. The new-media vanguard has learned all the tricks and is elbow-deep in the muck already. Who else but the thuggish and the thick-skinned would be inclined to wade in now?

And, oh, how easy it is for them to wade in now. Because the story of Axact — and the abortive story of Bol — is also a typically Pakistani story: poor regulation, weak institutions, a declining state.

Axact became Axact because exactly everyone in the state structure who was supposed to their job, didn’t do their job. Either they weren’t there to begin with or weren’t interested in doing their job or didn’t have the resources to do their job or were actively thwarted from doing their job.

Poor regulation, weak institutions, a declining state — Pakistan.

Just don’t expect to hear about any of that on TV. TV is too busy setting the agenda — when it isn’t tearing itself apart.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 24th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Karachi to Kabul

A blow to the solar plexus and some wretched hope for the mind — it’s been one of those weeks in Pakistan.

So let’s jump right in. First, Karachi. Much has been debated — and more will be. But what of the politics of it?

After Peshawar, Raheel went all-in. And after Peshawar, Nawaz hugged Raheel close and let the boys own the policy.

You can imagine Nawaz going off script, but you can’t imagine Nawaz rewriting the entire script.

Maybe it was a masterstroke, more likely it was haplessness.

Six, nine months down the road, when the militarised strategy inevitably proved inadequate, Raheel would have nowhere to hide — leaving Nawaz more secure than ever.

After all, you only have to look better than the alternative — and Raheel’s all-in approach was fraught with risk.

Five months down the road, we have a partial answer: masterstroke or haplessness, it’s not working.

Karachi is more than just Raheel vs Nawaz. The operation began before Raheel and, given the other players in the mix, it’s really a meta-narrative: civilians vs the boys.

It does though inform the balance of power at the very top. But see what happened this week.

Read: 43 killed in attack on bus carrying Ismailis in Karachi

The grimness of Karachi was apparent to all. As is the inadequacy of the boys’ approach. An army-run, militarised strategy is not going to work.

But no one is blaming the boys. And the boys aren’t really looking all that bad.

Part of the reason is their alacrity and Nawaz’s ponderousness. To swing the narrative, you have to pounce when opportunity arises.

Instead, the army pounced first. Immediately, we heard the stories of RAW. So instead of anger, we got fear.

If fighting one threat — internal — and the strategy isn’t working, folk are liable to get angry. But if amidst the internal fight, the spectre of an external threat re-arises, folk are likely to get worried.

And worry translates into needing security more than ever. Guess who offers security?

Then, the candid admission and not-so-subtle blame-shifting: we admit it, our strategy isn’t working as we thought it would, but, look, we’re not getting the support we need.

It seems honest and — better yet — is the kind of plausible folk are willing to believe. No one can fault a hard worker on the side of the people, especially if that hard worker isn’t getting the support he needs.

The other part of the story is Nawaz and his team: they just don’t get the narrative game.

Plodding on, focusing on the economy will win you votes and possibly the next election — but it won’t win you space.

And without space, you serve at the other guy’s pleasure. Which is never a good place to be if you’re the civilian and the other guy is in a uniform.

But that’s the way it looks like it’s going to be: even as the flawed policy becomes apparent, the boys have more tools in their box than the civilians.

Heads I win, tails you lose — the more things change…

On to Afghanistan then. To hear Nawaz utter those words was quite remarkable. Pakistan’s allies are supposed to be down in the south, not up in Kabul. That was the whole point to the last 14 years.

So, change is here?

Well, it matters who said it (see above).

Also read: Nawaz Sharif pledges support in Afghan fight against Taliban

But then there was the private joke: had Nawaz taken Raheel along or had Raheel taken Nawaz along? If it was the latter, it was telling that Nawaz said it with Raheel in town.

You can imagine Nawaz going off script, but you can’t imagine Nawaz rewriting the entire script — not on this trip, not with Raheel and Rizwan there to get some work done.

You can also imagine that it was intended to put pressure on the Afghan Taliban — a public rebuke on one front to gain some kind of concession on another front.

The other front being the negotiating one.

If you don’t want them to amp up the fight, you must want them to do something else. You can’t expect a standstill.

Does Pakistan really want the Afghan Taliban to negotiate?

If it does, that would be the second plank. So far, we’ve had one problem, militancy, with three approaches, internal, Afghanistan and India.

If true, it would be exciting. Two planks is better than one.

But hope can be a wretched thing. Two cautions are being bandied about.

First, it could be a two-step gamble, which is harder to read than simply never letting talks happen.

The two-step gamble has more benefits than the one-step rejection: you win support and possibly early rewards from those interested in making talks happen.

Then, as that process plays out, certain murky tactics are deployed, leverage is used to make sure talks don’t actually succeed.

You still get what you want — the Taliban as the dominant Afghan power — without seeming to have wanted it.

Could that be the game here?

Part of the problem is that there’s a hidden problem: there’s one institution, but different perspectives, different interests.

For years, the Pakistan Desk and the Afghan Desk have been at odds. One is focused on the internal struggle, can see the linkages and wants the necessary done. And that includes ratcheting down support for the Afghan Taliban.

The Afghan Desk is long term, thinks it’s geostrategic and believes that the war for Pakistan should not be compromised by the domestic battle.

Thus far, no one has figured out how to reconcile the two views. And the Afghan Desk has always won.

But the Pakistan Desk has its supporters too.

The two-step gamble could be a way of splitting the difference, for now: give talks a chance, but don’t let them go anywhere.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 17th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Perma-politics

The ferocity of the argument can give the game away sometimes. The N-League and the PTI are like two guys arguing out in the street.

Voices rising, wild gesticulations, a push here and there — and all the while, out of the corner of their eyes, gauging the reaction of the gathering crowd.

Is it a con or is it real? It is both: a performance designed to keep the opponent off balance and the voter preoccupied.

Is it a con or is it real? It is both: a performance designed to keep the opponent off balance and the voter preoccupied.

Welcome to perma-politics, the game that never ends. One week it’s the judicial commission, the next it’s NA-125. The week after? Who knows. But surely of a piece.

Read: Election tribunal orders re-election in NA-125, PP-155

Don’t let the enemy settle and keep giving the voter something to think about, or be distracted by.

Even as they squabbled over what the tribunal verdict on Saad Rafique’s seat meant, you could sense both sides were already thinking about the next round, possibly the endless Ayaz Sadiq drama.

Because what really matters now is the politics.

But we don’t have to play by their rules. Rewind to May 2013 and NA-125. It was a shock on election day — the margin of victory, not necessarily the victory itself — but soon enough the explanations turned up.

Most had focused on the affluence of the constituency because affluence is pretty and affluence seemed to be leaning PTI in 2013.

But affluence and poverty tend to be joined at the hip electorally: an army of labour usually resides nearby to pamper and look after the affluent.

Affluence and poverty both got a vote in NA-125. No one thought to check in with the downtrodden.

Turns out the downtrodden had decided they weren’t going to vote PPP. That left them with a choice between the PML-N and the PTI. They went PML-N.

The PTI had considered them an afterthought, but with the PML-N, the downtrodden had benefited from a kind of trickle down: of the eye-watering sums lavished on Lahore, a smattering of funds found their way to public schools and the like.

NA-125 was a tale of two halves, not one whole.

There was another side to the story, one whispered by the PTI itself: their candidate, Hamid Khan, hadn’t run the best campaign.

Perhaps he assumed the Imran effect would conquer all before it. Perhaps he was busy with his demanding day job.

Whatever it was, he turned out to be an ineffectual campaigner: starting the day late; reluctant to roll up his sleeves; aloof and unwilling to engage.

Turns out voters like a candidate who knocks on doors and runs around.

Ever since, the problem for the PTI — politically — has been to explain the margin of victory.

An intensely covered constituency in an intensely covered city in the most scrutinised general election in history here — how do you explain away a margin of some 40,000?

But the PTI had an ace up its sleeve: the legal side. They didn’t have to prove Saad Rafique or the PML-N had rigged the election, they only had to prove the rules weren’t followed.

And that’s where Hamid Khan had the advantage: a formidable law practice; a veteran leader of the bar; deep connections with the judiciary; a son of the city; someone who knew all the tricks and every loophole.

Hamid also had a natural ally: the general laxity of the public employee at the lowest tiers. Maybe some deliberately favoured Saad Rafique. Though even if they hadn’t, an expert armed with the rules and a microscope was always going to find problems with their work.

Because who cares about form, especially when substance had already been decided.

The formal counting, tabulating and archiving process didn’t stop once it had become clear the PML-N had swept all before it, in NA-125, in Lahore and in Punjab.

There were all manner of rules to be followed still, processes to be complied with. But try getting your average state employee to focus on that when the most decisive of national victories has just been won.

You either want to go home after a hard day’s work or gossip about it over chai with your buddies. Who, really, cares about form here when substance is already decided.

Which is all that Hamid’s team needed. When formidable legal expertise and a relentless political agenda collide with the professional record of state employees at the lowest tiers, there’s usually only one winner.

But if it’s really all about politics now, then why doesn’t the PML-N just pull the trigger on the by-election and get it over with?

Because there’s two politics at work here.

The N-League has figured out the PTI isn’t going to be toppling the government — that’s the macro picture.

At the micro level though every week will bring a new game, a new kerfuffle, a new fandango. Judicial commission last week, Saad this week, maybe Ayaz Sadiq next week. And repeat after that or something new thrown into the mix.

The PTI’s strategy has become obvious: don’t let the PML-N settle into its desired narrative of decent economic stewardship mixed with some blingy, vote-grabbing projects.

If the PTI can’t topple the government, they sure aren’t going to stand aside and let the PML-N shape its own political narrative.

Campaign cycles here are short. Leave it all to the end and you’re stuck trying to undo in six or eight weeks what the other side built up in the quiet middle years.

But if you harry and harass the PML-N all the way to the finish line, it may help your chances in the next cycle. Welcome to perma-politics, the new politics of opposition.

Which is why the PML-N is baiting too, not biting.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 10th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Cohabitation

It’s been a while and stuff’s been going on, so time to check in on the state of civ-mil. It’s not going very well for the civilians.

But well into this new era of cohabitation — the boys won’t take over, they won’t let the civilians rule either — it’s hard to know if what’s playing out at any given moment is a redefining of the rules further in favour of the boys or just the bumbling of the civilians.

Take this business down in Karachi. Back in September 2013, when the operation was launched, there seemed to be a genuine civilian component. Nawaz owned it, Nisar prattled on about it and the IB showed off.

What about Nawaz? The man seems lost. And the longer it goes on, the more lost he seems.

No one really thought Karachi was going to be a civilian-run affair, but the civilians were in the game, playing it and shaping it to some extent. Now, 18 months on, the N-League is wandering around outside the stadium, lost and pitiful.

Even when they do react or try to participate, it just exposes the N-League’s irrelevance. Smarter players would have known that Altaf’s harangue this week would elicit a fierce response from the army.

Smarter players would have known a quick decision was needed: either stay out of it altogether or get in before the boys said something first.

The worst-case scenario was leaping into the fray after the boys had thundered back — because everyone would know a belated response was a forced response, done at the boys’ behest.

And that’s exactly what the N-League has done: chosen the worst option — attacking Altaf after the boys had thundered at him, leaving the world to behold the pitiful sight of a government that takes on fellow civilians at the flick of a wrist by the boys.

Silence is sometimes better. And alacrity even better. The N-League seems unaware of both.

But let’s look at the bigger picture. Cohabitation may be the new game in town, but to what end? What are Raheel and Nawaz really up to?

With the chief, halfway into his three-year term, a trend is apparent. He’s unafraid of the big decisions, but has to play for space internally.

There’s four things we can see: he’s gone all-in on the fight against militancy internally; he showed some inclination to reach out to Afghanistan; he’s been a hawk on India and Balochistan.

In that, you can sense a balancing act: to get his primary goal done, he’s sacrificed secondary interests.

For in Raheel’s all-out push against militancy internally, there were likely some reservations among the boys. Not out of any sympathy for Fazlullah — it’s almost an article of faith to hate Fazlullah and co now — but because of the stretch it has caused.

Operating at this level with this fierceness for this long in this many places — NWA, Tirah, the CT stuff in the cities — is about as all-out as you can go.

There is also the network effect: to take on the TTP so totally risks brushing up against the other strands of militancy that are still deemed valuable.

Then there’s Afghanistan: a shift in language engineered by the chief surely alarming some internally. Even if you need Kabul to help out with stuff linked to the fight against militancy internally, seeming so comfortable with Kabul when the real allies of Pak there are down in the south has surely not gone unnoticed.

And ever since the balancing act has emerged. And ever since the hawkishness on India and Balochistan has gone up several notches.

To get the primary goal done, secondary interests have been sacrificed.

What about Nawaz? The man seems lost. And the longer it goes on, the more lost he seems.

Cohabitation wasn’t his idea. He surely hates it. But the most striking thing is how unprepared he was for it.

Cohabitation isn’t new, it came into being under Zardari: they’d let him go on, if he let them manage the core interests. Zardari was game, since getting to the finish line was achievement enough.

Maybe Nawaz didn’t think it would apply to him. Maybe Nawaz thought that Zardari succumbed because he was neither interested in anything more nor had the will to fight it.

But cohabitation has applied to Nawaz and he seems less capable of dealing with it than Zardari.

Part of it is ego: Zardari usually looks like he knows he hit the jackpot; Nawaz projects a sense of entitlement, that ruling is what he was born to do.

Part of it is that the pressure on Nawaz has been more intense: to browbeat a dodgy politician from Sindh you need less than what you need to beat into submission a popular politician from Punjab.

But the combination has been deadly, leaving Nawaz more listless than ever — and the boys more confident than ever.

Even the brief surge in intensity and interest during the Yemen crisis is already gone. Nawaz not only doesn’t have a plan to deal with cohabitation, he looks like he doesn’t have a plan. He looks a beaten man.

Zarb-i-Azb, dharna and Musharraf — those are the markers of how cohabitation was enforced and those are markers of what have left Nawaz a man with few ideas and little spirit.

Want to know how bad it really is? Musharraf was the one thing that Nawaz had left, a course he could shape and clearly wanted to shape.

Now, it’s been reduced to this: Musharraf can leave, if he signs a deal like the one he once forced Nawaz to sign.

But Musharraf isn’t biting. He knows a beaten man when he sees one.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 3rd, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Blood and Balochistan

In grotesque times come grotesque thoughts. Why this elliptical wretchedness when Mama Qadeer is right there, shuffling around in plain sight?

It’s not like they don’t have the expertise: if there were no missing persons, there’d be no Mama Qadeer.

It is a monstrous thought. To think it is to pollute the mind, to somehow become closer to the men who sanction such acts, dispatching men on motorcycles to pull up alongside cars and pull the trigger.

Balochistan is a murky place where murky things happen for murky reasons. Sealed off from the rest of the country, few thought to ponder another massacre in Balochistan.

Because he’s alive and another is dead, you can hazard a guess. There is no hard rule; it is about management. And phases.

Once upon a time, Saba Dashtiyari was the problem. Then, Saba Dashtiyari was killed. Now, you struggle to recall his name. That was 2011. When kill-and-dump emerged and the net was widened.

What had begun as killing the killers had morphed into killing the supporters too. That’s why Dashtiyari was dead. Now, killing the supporters has extended to killing the supporters of the supporters. That’s why another is dead. And a new phase has opened.

The link will be made to a recently cancelled talk. A warning had been issued and it had not been heeded. But new phases, wider targets, are not triggered by a talk here or protest there.

Monstrousness considers itself above that. Theirs is a mission to serve and protect and their actions must have meaning and purpose. It is not hard to see what may have catalysed this new phase, this new monstrousness.

Also read: 20 labourers gunned down in Turbat

April 11. Turbat. From this newspaper: “Gunmen killed 20 construction workers and injured three others in a pre-dawn attack on a labourers’ camp near Turbat, in Balochistan’s Kech district.”

Inured to bad news from Balochistan, few paid attention. Yes, it was more dead. Yes, it seemed nasty. Yes, civilians from other provinces had been killed for being civilians from other provinces.

Also read: COAS vows to crush insurgency in Balochistan

But Balochistan is a murky place where murky things happen for murky reasons. Sealed off from the rest of the country, physically and psychologically, few thought to ponder another massacre in Balochistan.

Some did though. April 15. Quetta. From this newspaper: “‘The army chief warned foreign states, intelligence agencies against trying to destabilise Pakistan by supporting terrorists in Balochistan. We’ll defeat them comprehensively,’ military spokesman Maj Gen Asim Bajwa quoted the army chief as saying.”

From Twitter that day, same man quoting same person: “Will unearth Terrorists, abettors, sympathisers, financiers.

None will find place in country to hide. Will go to any length 4 writ of state.”

Turbat was not missed by some. Not by those with a mission to serve and protect and whose actions must have purpose and meaning.

Zoom out from Turbat and you have the other new problem: China. There was Xi being feted and his dream of a road to the sea being sold fervently. But economic hubs and trade corridors don’t happen in places where no one can go without inviting a bullet.

You can’t go to Balochistan without inviting a bullet. For Xi’s dream to come true folk have to be able to go to Balochistan without inviting a bullet. Security and the economy are entwined there.

It’s an old approach though: kill the dissent first, then pour some economic balm and hope that dissent doesn’t reappear too quickly. The Xi dream is the boys’ dream too.

The Xi dream means the security part will need to be done on a grander scale to match the economy bit. Those with a mission to serve and protect and whose actions must have purpose and meaning have all of that and more of that than ever.

There are two other things, one harder to explain than the other. The first is the failed policy: Balochistan has not been beaten into submission.

Once upon a time, years ago, it seemed obvious that in quelling the fifth insurgency, the conditions for a sixth insurgency were being sowed.

If that was obvious enough, also obvious: it was a price the boys were willing to pay. Fix today and deal with whatever comes tomorrow, tomorrow.

But as the Baloch arm was twisted further and the boot pressed harder on the Baloch neck all that seemed to happen was the arm came closer to being torn off and the neck being snapped. Balochistan has not been beaten into submission.

So, why continue? Before, it seemed nothing would change until 2014. With foreign troops billeted in the neighbour’s south, the political option was never going to given a chance.

It’s 2015 now and time for an update: the political option is never going to be given a chance in Balochistan. For some reason, the boys have decided that Balochistan is too important and too valuable to be entrusted to the civilians.

For that reason Balochistan will remain an open wound, never to heal.

The other bit is easier to explain. Who cares about a little place in Karachi where a handful of people gathered to talk about woolly ideas and that had the tiniest of footprints?

Your average madressah could pull a bigger crowd any day of the week than what was routinely served up there.

There is a difference though: social media. Social media does two things: it amplifies stuff locally and connects to the outside world. Neither amplification nor connectivity is deemed desirable. Not when it’s about pesky, undesirable ideas being purveyed.

Maybe that’s why Mama Qadeer is alive and another dead.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 26th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Chinese whispers

Numbers can be obscure and complicated, but sometimes they tell a tale of their own. So, with fair warning, chew on these figures a minute: $5.4 billion, $3.7bn, $2.1bn, $1.6bn, $820 million, $1.4bn, $1.6bn and $710m.

That’s the Foreign Direct Investment in Pakistan for each fiscal year from 2007-08 to the first nine months of 2014-15. Not very impressive, is it?

Peak FDI was $5.4bn in 2007-08, the year after the highest GDP growth rate of the Musharraf era of roughly 7pc.

In the first nine months of this fiscal year, FDI (basically, foreigners setting up or buying businesses inside Pakistan) from every country of the world, including China, was $710m.

Now, compare that to the figure you’re going to be hearing a lot this week: $46bn.

The Chinese are coming and President Xi is bringing $46bn worth of surprises with him. $46bn is three times the total FDI Pakistan has received from every country in the world put together over the past eight years combined.

$46bn has so many zeroes in it that it would put Nawaz’s bank account to shame. $46bn is so big the PML-N owes the PTI an apology.

For the last time Xi was visiting, back in September, in the midst of the dharna, he was bringing just $34bn with him. Fast forward seven months and Xi’s bag of goodies has grown by $12bn. Thanks, Imran!

They’re going to change the route, raise a special protection force and Gwadar will be more fortified than GHQ.

$46bn also means, if you’re not an N-Leaguer tripping over himself to flog that eye-watering sum, some hard questions need to be asked.

So, let’s start with Turkey. Remember that distant past, some seven years ago, when Punjab was in love with Turkey?

Turkey was the solution to Punjab’s problems and soon there would be so many Turkish people in Punjab and so many Turkish liras sloshing around that you’d think Lahore had become a part of Istanbul’s old quarters. All courtesy the N-League.

But a funny thing happened: nothing. No Turkish people, no Turkish liras, no turning Punjab into a sea of red and white. The PML-N’s economic love affair with Turkey proved such a non-event that you may struggle to remember the frothy nonsense the N-League spouted mere years ago.

Nope, all we got were Turkish soaps.

(If you really want to know the net FDI position, Turkish investors have withdrawn $3.2m from Pakistan this year.)

Is China the N-League’s new Turkey?

The N-League would offer two ripostes. One, Zardari wooed the Chinese too, travelling there so frequently while president that the Chinese ran out of things to show him and places to host him in. Two, the Xi ascension in 2013 marked a shift in Chinese emphasis under the new regime.

Basically, on Zardari, the argument is that he tried but failed because he had no plan or focus, asking the Chinese for investments in anything and everything. There was also the, um, Zardari angle: potential Chinese investors would be approached by middlemen claiming to speak on Zardari’s behalf and looking for a slice of any deal.

The PML-N’s approach is more focused and refined, with the bulk of investments sought in energy and infrastructure and maybe a couple of other sectors thrown in. As for Xi and his team, far west China and its neighbours figure more in their economic, political and regional plans than the team running China the decade before.

Pair ‘more focused’ here with ‘more interested’ there, and ka-ching. A $46bn jackpot. A veritable yellow brick road of trade, electricity and prosperity running the length of the country. All aboard.

But hang on. There’s no real reason to believe any of it. Let’s roam that would-be corridor a bit.

Start with Gwadar. There is an insurgency in Balochistan. The one that the army chief vowed to crush this week. The same one that a two-term army chief and a military dictator were unable to tamp down.

The very same one that has rendered the province into a giant no-go area for over a decade. Anyone thinks twice before travelling to Quetta. No one ever thinks of travelling south of Quetta.

But from there is to rise the phoenix of Better Pakistan. Because, y’know, it’s always economy before security. And because, y’know, we’ve got a winning strategy to pacify the Baloch.

Oh, right. They’re going to change the route, raise a special protection force and Gwadar will be more fortified than GHQ. Which is exactly what every great trading corridor in the world looks like. Or not.

A Punjab-dominated centre creating an economic corridor from Gwadar, through some part of Balochistan and, eventually, to the border with China? That would be like the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan trying to set up a trading hub in Kandahar to service Mazar-i-Sharif.

Try electricity on for size. The Chinese are apparently aching to pump mega dollars and megawatts into the energy sector here. So much money that we can forget the ‘i’ in IPP and start calling them CPPs instead.

Here’s a funny story though. The N-League has been at it for a while. Dreaming up stuff like coal-fired power plants laid out like a string of black pearls across Pakistan. Imported, exported, coal-ported. But stuff keeps happening to that dream. Over and over again.

Like the Chinese balking, the numbers not adding up, the investor demands piling up and the logistics falling apart. And the naughty little rumour that much of it is designed to benefit the Sharif cronies — something that, again according to naughty rumour, has got the Chinese quite skittish.

Turns out when a desperate braggart meets a shrewd rich guy, the desperate braggart usually doesn’t get what he wants. Who knew.

So, if even a few of those already hyped billions ever materialise, be pretty sure they will be flowing from the desperate braggart — that would be us — to the shrewd rich guy — that would be the Chinese.

Oh, and every time you hear $46bn this week, do yourself a favour and think of $710m, the wretched sum Pakistan has attracted from investors in every country of the world combined over the past nine months.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 19th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Sharif and the Saudis

A couple of things we’ve learned this week. Parliament did a great job, but it was the government that allowed parliament to do the job to begin with.

Depending on which side of the fence you are, the government either passed the buck to parliament or the N-League used parliament as a shield.

Whatever the stories that may emanate about opposition-led changes and tweaks to the resolution, this much was known from the beginning: there is no closer ally of the Saudis in politics — mainstream politics, anyway — than the PML-N.

The PML-N owned the reluctance to respond swiftly to the Saudi demands.

And the Saudis had been clear: give us what we want and we need it now.

For the N-League to send this matter to parliament — instead of, say, convening the Cabinet Committee on National Security to debate it internally — was for the PML-N to say at the outset, guys, help us out here, we’re caught in a bind.

And parliament obliged. Probably more than the PML-N had hoped. PPP, ANP, MQM — those kinds you always expected them to say, stay out of the Middle East, fix the problems at home first.

But when PTI, JI, JUI-F piled on too it was a bit of a godsend. The PML-N had the consensus it could hide behind. Sorry, Saudis, but look, that’s what the collective will of our country is saying. Our hands are tied.

Don’t for a minute be fooled by any of that talk of a watered-down resolution or the strong, pro-Saudi language the government wanted being tempered by stuff about neutrality or diplomacy.

This happened because the king here, Nawaz, wanted this to happen. Which leaves us with trying to figure out why they wanted this.

From the beginning, if you trace the statements, public and private, of N-Leaguers, there was always a sense that the preference was to not send troops to Yemen, to not participate militarily in operations inside Yemen and, at most, as a measure of last resort, to placate the Saudis by sending token support to be based inside Saudi.

Which leaves us with the question of why Nawaz would so publicly resist his greatest ally in its self-determined hour of need?

It’s not even true that this was forced upon the PML-N by the other players here, by the army, for example, which just said no to participating in Yemen and left the government with having to do the explanations.

The PML-N owned this decision. It owned the reluctance to respond swiftly to the Saudi demands and it owned the shuttle diplomacy and concerted action by Turkey and Pakistan.

Had the PML-N wanted it could have sent the opposite signal, suggesting that it was racing to do whatever the Saudis asked for and then letting the blame for inaction here fall on the obvious quarters.

So what gives?

Resistance has been put down to Pakistani resolve. To Pakistan doing the right thing. To statesmanship at last making an appearance. To developing a spine.

But could it be that the N-League, Nawaz in particular, familiar with the Saudis for decades now understand the Saudis better than most of us here and immediately sensed that the new Saudi leadership has bitten off more than it can chew?

That the Saudis have made a strategic error, led by an untested leadership panicked by events of recent years around them, and that they have not thought Yemen through?

Inside Pakistan, the argument being advanced is that Pakistan has at last understood its core national interests and wants to stay out of proxy wars and the like. That Pakistan first is the rule going forward.

Whereas, the more you look at this, given all else that has been happening here — NAP progress, anyone? — it may be less about Pakistan and more about Nawaz understanding Saudi and the royals and sensing they’ve waded into a conflict with no winners, at best. Why does any of that matter? Whether we’re not going because of reasons internal or because Nawaz may have figured out the Saudis have waded into something they won’t be able to walk away from easily?

Because it would put into context this historic turning point that the parliamentary resolution is being cast as. A wise rejection of an ally because of the proxy-war, Saudi-Iran angle and the need to focus on the fight against militancy domestically.

It is a good decision. But knowing whether it is born of wise statecraft and Pakistan’s position in the Muslim world or a shrewd but narrower estimate of a wrong-headed war matters.

There is though one caveat. Through much of the debate in parliament and in the media you could sense the heavy theme hanging over it: Peshawar.

Had the convulsion that was Peshawar not happened, would the tenor of the debate on participating in Yemen been the same? Hard to know counter-factuals, but you can guess the debate would have been at least slightly different. The memory of Peshawar has made it harder to take ugly decisions.

The automatic disbelief that Pakistan would try and wade into a sectarian conflict was less about people being sure Yemen is a sectarian conflict or knowing that Saudi-Iran proxies war would re-ignite inside Pakistan and more, you could sense, a revulsion at the thought of fresh horrors being unleashed here, however remote.

Peshawar does live in the memory and, for a horror of that magnitude, in a good way. But not to the extent of the government taking the fight against militancy seriously.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 12th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Resisting Saudi

Decisions, decision-makers and deciders — there’s so much going on, it’s hard to remember who’s supposed to be doing what. Or why.

Nawaz is supposed to be the chap who asks ‘how high’ when the Saudis ask us to jump, but there he is heading a government that keeps talking about peaceful solutions in Yemen while the Saudis are pounding on his door demanding their due.

Read: Turkey, Pakistan back peaceful resolution to Yemen conflict

That’s some sterling stuff. You’d expect Nawaz to just capitulate: he’s surrendered everything national security and foreign policy-ish to the boys, so why not side with an external benefactor in its self-created hour of need and throw that grenade into the boys’ camp, letting them deal with the fallout of having to say no.

The strangest thing about the Yemen crisis so far is this: slice through the spin and you’re left with the puzzle of Pakistan behaving sensibly.

A perfect faecal storm, as it were, with Nawaz grinning from the sidelines. Comeuppance, Pakistani-style.

Ah, but Nawaz has been restrained by the army. If it weren’t for Raheel and his boys, we’d already be pounding Yemen and preparing to receive body bags from the vanguard of a ground invasion.

Which is interesting because, if you think about it, the boys surely understand the need for protecting the army’s institutional relationship with the Saudis.

Also read| Pakistan backs Ummah’s unity without sectarian or racial considerations: FO

After all, what are a few planes and a handful of boots as marginal contributions to a mission that means so much to the Saudis? And so what if the boys are busy in Fata? It’s not as if Black September and the East Pakistan crisis didn’t clash.

Besides, what are those Houthis going to do anyway? Send boatloads of terrorists to Pakistan in retaliation? Or is Iran going to start a sectarian war inside Pakistan, for the sake of a bunch of Houthis Iran isn’t particularly close to and when Iran already has a volatile border with us?

The strangest thing about the Yemen crisis so far is this: slice through the spin and you’re left with the puzzle of Pakistan behaving sensibly when the situation suggests it need not.

The basic facts about Yemen that matter here: it’s not a sectarian conflict; Iran isn’t that involved; the Saudis are being paranoid; the intra-Yemen conflict is only a small part of a wider Saudi-Iran power struggle; and it’s hard to see Yemen — this conflict at this time with so many others proliferating — as a trigger for some imminent regional catastrophe.

If we provisionally — provisionally — accept that, then we’re left with two of the Saudis closest allies here — Nawaz and the boys — resisting the fiercest of Saudi demands when acquiescing would be so much easier.

The Saudis have a new king. They have an inter-generational heir to the throne for the first time. They have a new defence minister. New leader, new team, new generation — all just months old.

If the Saudis aren’t exactly renowned for forgetting a slight, what’s the incentive for Pakistan to resist a new Saudi leadership so publicly so early into the new leadership’s life?

There are also, unusually, a surfeit of options for Pakistan. If we were to contribute to the aerial bombardment, it would be at the margins anyway. Nobody, not even the Saudis, expects Pakistan to lead when there’re all those rich Arab countries with their squadrons of imported jets.

Or if Pakistan wants to contribute but doesn’t want to bomb, there’re all kinds of non-combat roles for planes in an aerial campaign — Pakistan could be on site without doing any fighting.

Or if Pakistan doesn’t want to get involved in the aerial fight, it could promise to send troops — if an invasion were to materialise.

Of if Pakistan wants to send troops, but not wage aggression, it could pledge to send a few troops to the Saudi-Yemen border, driving up the cost of invasion for the Houthis.

Or if Pakistan wants to send troops, but not get into a firefight — it could send troops to the capital, maybe a big military base, as a symbolic show of support.

Yet — so far nothing but sensible talk of diplomatic solutions and political support.

What gives? Since when has Pakistan started doing the sensible thing in the face of a raging ally who it ordinarily dare not disappoint? The system seems to be winning — so far.

Nawaz or the boys, it’s still Pakistan, where a defensive doctrine reigns supreme. The framework for assessing and projecting power is essentially about the physical terrain of Pakistan and two of its borders.

Straying from that framework requires a colossal incentive, a geopolitical earthquake and a transcendental leadership willing to risk change — none of which are present at the moment.

Sure, Pakistan may once have had kooky ideas about Central Asia and still fiddles around in Bangladesh, but for the most part it’s all about Pakistan, East of Pakistan (India) and West of Pakistan (Afghanistan).

To change that, everything would have to change: the world outside, the system inside and the men who lead it. Like a Bhutto inspired by and responding to the dramatic changes of the late 1960s and early 1970s. Like a Zia taking advantage of a superpower invasion in our backyard under the umbrella of the Cold War.

With Yemen, one critical variable could change: the Saudis may drive up the cost of defiance for us, making it intolerable as compared to the cost of acquiescence — relatively low to begin with.

In which case, there’s still the least-worst option: some troops to Saudi for defensive purposes, either along the border with Yemen or relatively far from the warzone.

Conservative Pakistan led by conservative men making conservative choices — who’d have thought that combination may produce a sensible decision one day?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, April 5th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Strange days

It's been another one of those weeks. So much happening, so little making sense. Is reality catching up with perception or is it all just make-believe?

Who knows and who knows if we should care. In a time of the seemingly random but predictably dramatic, let’s try a bit of randomness of our own.

Tap, tap, tappin’: The conversations are almost always real ­— it being harder to splice or fake a recorded conversation than just grabbing the real thing. The eternal question: who released it and to what end?

When everyone has skeletons, they all fear the man with the key.

You always have to start with the ISI and IB, and often don’t have to look beyond them: both having the technology and, in most cases, a motive. Since we don’t yet know anything about the IK-Alvi tape, let’s not bother with speculating about who and why.

Instead, a few vignettes, culled from the occasional interaction, direct and second-hand. Imran you can understand, Alvi too — not in a principled sort of way, but in a practical, that’s-how-the-world-works kind of way — after that though it gets murkier.

In Islamabad, you stumble across it in the strangest of places. Once upon a time — much before Snowden, etc — some folk would remove the battery from their phone, gesture for you to do the same and then dump the phones and batteries in another room or in a drawer somewhere.

Now, folk have caught on there’s much more sophisticated stuff out there. So old favourites reign supreme: tapping your fingers on your shoulder while saying “them” in reference to the boys; mouthing certain words; and, apparently, the paper-and-pencil routine, the paper being torn into little bits immediately afterwards and, for the really secret stuff, pocketed to ensure no one finds anything if they sift through the waste bin later.

Sometimes, discounting for the super-paranoid, the pantomime can give away things about your partner in conversation: the loud, open, direct ones, who scoff at secret signals and secrecy in general, are usually in a good place with the boys; the more careful ones usually have more interesting things to say.

But what do they want from, say, the random journalist? They hardly have access to national security secrets, at least not in this place. Once upon a time, a journalist did have the occasion to ask why. Oh, we’re not listening to you, we’re keeping tabs on who’s talking to you and what they are saying.

Fair enough. But what rankles is the indiscretion. Most here are eager to befriend the shadows and the sotto voce types, having possibly never heard of John Keegan and his caution: “Anyone who mingled in the intelligence world, in the belief that he could make use of contacts thus made, would more probably be made use of, to his disadvantage.”

And so when they befriend, they pick up tidbits. Often of the salacious, but disquieting sort. X is having an affair with Y’s wife. A is doing Z with C. B has this habit, D that one. And then, to prove that it’s all not made up, a teaser is offered: snippets of a recorded conversation; tales of how rendezvous are arranged and where; a detail on a health situation or whatever.

Because this is Pakistan and because trading in information is a sign of access and privilege, soon enough the snippets make the rounds. Before you know it, you know things you never wanted to know and never thought to know — even if you’re several degrees removed from the purveyor or the original recipient.

And that’s why many know just how broken and lawless the system is. But when everyone has skeletons, they all fear the man with the key. Witness the cautious response of IK and Alvi.

Nuclear logic: It’s one of those things that everyone assumes: when push comes to shove, when the chips are down and the Saudis have their backs to the wall, Pakistan will hurry over to Saudi Arabia to drop off a nuclear bomb or two or use some of the gazillions of Saudi petrodollars to quickly build them a spanking new nuclear-weapons conveyor belt — presumably as a deterrent or possibly to use immediately in a crisis.

But hang on a second. If a nuclear weapon goes off in the Middle East, dropped by the Saudis on a country or people they don’t care for too much, that’ll pretty much be goodbye to the rest of us soon enough.

So let’s scratch the ‘bomb to use’ transfer idea and go with the ‘bomb as a deterrent’ transfer idea. Now, try and follow this chain of thought:

Pakistan will transfer nuclear-weapons technology — whoa, hang on, you’re thinking, Pakistan has already done that, been burned for it and is still living in the nuclear woodshed for its sins of a decade or two ago.

In what part of which world would Pakistan transferring anything nuclear to anyone not bring down the wrath of the gods and the nuclear haves upon us?

Still, let’s try this again. Pakistan will transfer nuclear weapons technology to Saudi Arabia — whoa, whoa, hang the hell on, you’re thinking, and Iran, Israel, Russia and sundry other countries will just say, go ahead, you Pakistanis, you, be your roguish selves. Here, we’ll even help you do it.

That’s plain delusional. It is hard to see any scenario in which Pakistan tries to transfer anything nuclear weapons-ish to anyone and not be pounded into economic, and possibly military, oblivion.

And yet the idea is bandied about like gospel itself. Why? It’s easy to guess: while the few who matter know the truth, publicly they prefer the charade. After all, the myth of us having the Saudis’ nuclear back is worth a lot more to us than shattering the myth.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 29th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

PTI rabbit from PML-N hat

AS goes Karachi, so goes national political stability. That used to be true, but not any more: the MQM isn’t what it once was. And yet, suddenly, out of nowhere, we have a PTI-PML-N deal in Islamabad.

So, is there some life left in the old truth? Well, possibly in the other half of it: what do the pols think the boys are really up to?

The surreal events in and around Karachi have not exactly come as a surprise. The rumour mill has been churning and the whispers about the impending unravelling of the MQM — or possibly just this version of the MQM — have been going on a while.

But it’s one thing for the rumour mill to churn and whispers to grow and quite another for them to begin to prove true. Especially given the thrust and direction of the theories.

Essentially, if conspiracies are to be believed, taking on Altaf is only the first step. After the MQM, a similar push is to come against the PPP, specifically, Zardari and the ribald bunch of misfits who surround him in the province.

What’s the endgame here or the exit strategy if things go wrong or the likely MQM and PPP response? Pabulum, all of it.

One theory has governor’s rule as the vehicle for an attempted PPP purge, another that governor’s rule will be the capstone of Operation Clean Up Sindh. Either way, big things are in store.

Hang on a second, you’re thinking, that doesn’t make any sense. Governor’s rule would require Nawaz to sign off on it and would be routed through the civilian side of the state. How the hell does that help the boys?

Besides, what’s the endgame here or the exit strategy if things go wrong or the likely MQM and PPP response? Pabulum, all of it.

Quite likely. But politics is a funny business, often driven by fear. Forget whether the MQM deserves it or not or whether the PPP has become a caricature of itself — what would you be thinking if you’re in the N-League in Islamabad?

You’d see a bunch of dominos lined up. First, the MQM — with the bonus of winning public support for taking it on. Next, the PPP — with the bonus of winning public support for taking it on. Final step, an already survival-moded N-League?

It’s not so much an exotic theory as base survival: the N-League can see the perfect storm brewing, if it doesn’t act.

Imran had already promised a month more and he’d take to the streets again. Karachi has been rocked and will take a while to settle — if it is allowed to settle at all. April is around the corner, the temperature is climbing and the electricity sector is still a mess.

You’re the PML-N. You can’t do much about electricity just now. You can’t do much about Karachi, Nisar’s babbling notwithstanding. Which leaves — Imran.

Three is worse than two, so why not give Imran his damn commission? And, magically, there is now a commission — or going to be anyway.

The commission will keep Imran off the street, the commission will ensure Karachi is not burning at the same time as Lahore and Islamabad, the commission will keep Punjab quiet.

Ah, but what happens if the commission finds the smoking gun? Wouldn’t Imran lay waste to Lahore and Islamabad?

It is a gamble, but then everything’s a gamble in politics. The trick is to try and mitigate risk. And the PML-N has two things going in its favour.

To begin with, they’ve already wrestled the PTI to a draw in a crucial area: the scope of the commission. The PTI wanted it narrow, the PML-N wanted to go big — the assumption being that it’s easier to prove shenanigans in individual constituencies than overall fraud and a stolen mandate.

Now, effectively, both of those things will be the commission’s mandate — allowing the PTI to claim vindication in the micro scenario and the PML-N in the macro picture.

A micro-macro split would suit the PML-N because it would produce no clarity — and without clarity the N-League can soldier on. It’s the PTI that needs clarity.

Which brings us to the second part: if, like the PML-N, the PTI can also see the perfect storm that is brewing, why would it opt for the commission now and not wait for the storm to consume the PML-N?

Here’s where the N-League, Dar mostly, has been canny: they’ve let the PTI do their work for them.

The story of the dharna and the PTI’s quest to topple the PML-N government was, within the PTI at least, a story of Imran’s ambition versus a moderate, pro-parliamentary bloc.

Some among the PTI moderates were driven by principle. All, however, were driven by pragmatism: they couldn’t see how Imran’s strategy would work — or work to the PTI’s advantage first.

But as long as Imran was raging, the PTI moderates had to go along. Why imperil your access and inner-sanctum status when the boss is breathing fire?

Eventually though logic asserted itself. When Imran’s raging and breathing fire failed, the moderates began to chirp up.

Stay inside parliament, they said. Focus on KP. Oppose the PML-N from within the system. Eventually, the soothing words began to work on the dragon boss.

Through it all, Dar kept the PTI moderates engaged. The rabbit has been ready in the hat a while — it seems it took the crisis in Karachi to convince the N-League now is the time to pull the rabbit out.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 22nd, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Three halves of militancy

WELL, that’s enough politics for now. Until the next faux crisis, media frenzy or electoral farce at least. Never can there be a vacuum though. On cue, the other side has bubbled up: security.

Just as Lakhvi is being ushered out of his pen, the Afghan Taliban, we are told, are being herded towards the negotiating table. And in the middle of all of that the anti-state/anti-Pakistan militants are being pounded away at.

Try spinning a coherent narrative from that. Some point to good Taliban/bad Taliban still holding, but that doesn’t quite explain the VIP treatment for the anti-India lot while the Afghan cohort is apparently being downgraded.

Just as Lakhvi is being ushered out of his pen, the Afghan Taliban, we are told, are being herded towards the negotiating table.

So, what gives?

It helps to look at the militancy landscape as three halves: the Afghan-centric lot; the India/Kashmir-orientated ones; and the anti-state/anti-Pakistan bunch.

Start with the Afghan-centric lot. On the face of it, there’s no compelling reason for the Afghan Taliban to negotiate with the Afghan government.

The Afghan Taliban have outlasted the Americans; the Afghan Taliban can hold their own against the Afghan government; and, between the Afghan Taliban and the Afghan government, it’s the Afghan Taliban who look like they’re a more sustainable proposition.

And yet there you have Pakistan apparently nudging the Afghan Taliban to talk to the Afghan government when it doesn’t make obvious sense. Scratch around a bit though and some possibilities become apparent.

To begin with, it’s 2015. This was the year the new American plan was supposed to go into effect. Turns out the US doesn’t have a plan and it’s got its hands full with the world going to hell in other places. That makes it a good time for Pakistan to seem helpful and finally take the lead a bit.

Then there’s the new Afghan government, which hasn’t really taken off. It’s wobbly and weak and that’s just the kind place you need to be eager-desperate — maybe a weak but willing Ghani is ready to cede the kind of stuff a fierce and baulky Karzai never would.

Again, that makes for some kind of incentive for Pakistan to become active again and suggest it is willing to coax the Afghan Taliban to the negotiating table.

Still, separately or combined, those two reasons don’t amount to a convincing argument for a changed Afghan policy. We must look elsewhere and it’s to the Durand Line we must turn, the problem of cross-border militancy having become bi-directional.

The stuff we’re seeing in Tirah this week, it’s phase two of Khyber-I and it’s in part been prompted by Afghan help. With the anti-Pak militants made uncomfortable on the Afghan side of the border, Tirah is the new place for them to congregate.

Hence all that news about rifts in the TTP being healed and Mangal Bagh coming on board too: together they can better withstand all that the Pak military is planning to throw at them in the difficult Tirah terrain.

There, then, is a good reason to be helpful on the Afghan Taliban front: gain Afghanistan’s cooperation in getting the anti-Pakistan militants scrambling back and forth across the border.

Without Afghan cooperation, without pressure from the Afghan side too, Khyber-I, Zarb-i-Azb and other Fata operations could become little more than that old squeeze of the balloon — go after the anti-Pak militants in one area and they’ll pop up in another.

If that’s the real reason for nudging the Afghan Taliban to the negotiating table, there’s an obvious follow on: do we really intend to do all that we can to force the Afghan Taliban to talk or is the prospect of talks just bait to get the Afghan government to do all it can to help fight the anti-Pak militants straddling the border?

Lakhvi and the India-centric ones are easier to figure out. It’s not clear if Modi has a policy on Pakistan, though it is apparent that he’s not super keen on talks.

In that case, it makes sense to unleash the dogs here. It may serve to catch Modi’s attention: hey, you, so keen to get India’s economic engine purring again and trying to look tough on security, look over here. See what we’ve got.

And then Modi looks up and sees the dogs being unleashed and thinks, hmm, maybe I better engage their masters after all.

Or Modi doesn’t look up and goes about his business and continues to ignore Pakistan. In that case, why continue to incur the cost of keeping the jihadis muzzled. Let them run around and snap and snarl and revitalise themselves.

After all, it only makes sense to keep the anti-India jihadis muzzled if there’s something good happening on the India front. If there isn’t, it’s a headache and a half trying to keep the muzzle on.

So, there you have the downgraded Afghan Taliban and VIP treatment to the anti-India lot. Which leaves this business about crushing the anti-Pakistan bunch. Do they really mean it? It seems they do. But are they willing to do what it takes?

Specifically, the following link: to finish off the anti-Pak lot, you need Afghan cooperation; to keep getting Afghan cooperation, you need to nudge the Afghan Taliban to make concessions; to make the Afghan Taliban walk back from their maximalist demands, you need to be a bit more relaxed about India; to be more relaxed about India, you need India to be more relaxed too — which means putting down the anti-India jihadists here.

Not as simple as they make it seem, is it? That’s what happens when your militancy landscape consists of three halves.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, March 15th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Talking senate

THE apocryphal could well apply to the PTI: you can count on the PTI to do the right thing — after they’ve tried everything else. Unhappily, there’s no Churchill in the PML-N and they can always be relied on to screw up.

Senate 2015 will not enter the political lexicon as Changa Manga once did, but it almost did — and for reasons that will surely perplex posterity. What the hell was that we just saw?

Set aside the raw numbers for a minute and focus on game management: the PML-N dropped the ball in Fata and Balochistan; the PTI carried it safely over the line in KP.

Fata was a disaster. And the PML-N was a disaster. Fata needn’t have been a disaster, but the PML-N? You can see what they were trying to do.

Fata is an electoral perversity: 12 — 11 at the moment — MNAs to elect four senators every three years. But the perversity is compounded by an anomaly: grab six MNA votes and you can get all four senators elected.

So, the inevitable happened: a Gang of Six emerged, shutting out the other five. Monopolies encouraged by the rules themselves are a bad idea in politics. It made sense to change it. If the change was about the system.

The PML-N’s middle-of-the-night presidential ordinance was not about the system. It was about the PML-N. Namely, the Fata MNAs in the PML-N camp were part of the losing five, not the winning Gang of Six.

A cynical legislative move to counter a cynical electoral bloc — it was always going to end in tears. But perhaps only the PML-N could take a bad idea and make it worse.

Senate 2015 will not enter the political lexicon as Changa Manga once did, but it almost did — and for reasons that will surely perplex posterity.

A middle-of-the-night presidential ordinance? Bypassing parliament to change the rules of parliament that determine how parliament is elected in order to change the composition of parliament?

With democrats like these….

Then there was Balochistan. And the contrast with KP. Somehow, the PML-N contrived to drop seats in Balochistan and pick up a seat in KP. It doesn’t make sense. It shouldn’t make sense.

The winning formulas in both Balochistan and KP came together at the last moment. That’s pretty normal. Both Balochistan and KP have divided assemblies. That’s pretty normal too.

The PML-N sent its A team to Balochistan, including surrogate PM, Fawad Hasan. That’s not very normal. The PML-N sent no one to KP, played second fiddle to the PTI and yet won more than expected. That just seems bizarre.

So, how did the PML-N lose where it was supposed to win and win where it was expected to lose?

The difference-maker, folk are suggesting, was Pervez Khattak. He made it happen for the PTI and, in a masterstroke, he did it by pulling one out of the bag for the PML-N too.

Khattak was a star, but mainly for handling Imran. (Though no mean feat that.) Beyond that, Khattak used the standard election playbook. His main success was execution, not innovation — and that’s all the numbers in KP required.

Senate elections are opaque. They don’t just seem more complicated than the straightforward first-past-post-system, they are.

There’s the single transferable vote (don’t bother) and the Droop quota (don’t ask) and different categories of senators with different number of votes required to win in each category (never mind). From all that complexity though some simplicity can be distilled.

In KP, to win one of the seven general seats up for election, roughly one-eighth of the total vote was needed. To win one of the two technocrat and two women’s seats, roughly one-third of the vote was needed. And to win the sole non-Muslim seat, half the total vote was needed.

That’s a pyramid of sorts. And pyramids offer opportunities.

In divided houses, as KP is with no single party in a majority, the standard approach is for the governing party to work with the next biggest party downwards — whether on treasury benches or in opposition — to get everyone’s candidates past the finish line.

Go back to the pyramid. You accommodate your allies at the bottom — general seats — share the seats in the middle — women/technocrat — and keep the top to yourself — non-Muslim.

That’s exactly what Khattak did in KP: the PTI won 3/7 general seats; 2/4 technocrat, women; and 1/1 minority.

There’s another part to it: a good way to keep your own MPAs in line is to win the support of other parties first. The PML-N could win nothing on its own, so it had an incentive to cooperate with the PTI. And once Khattak had the PML-N’s cooperation, the momentum of the breakaway PTI faction was broken.

Think about it. The PTI MPAs weren’t electing themselves to the Senate. They have to stick around in KP as MPAs until 2018. How crazy and greedy do you have to be to deliberately put yourself on the wrong side of a provincial and federal government for three years for the sake of electing someone else to another house?

Some can — because they have safe seats. Most can’t. And, in the end, most didn’t. Khattak prevailed because Khattak used a textbook approach.

Balochistan is slightly different. There are safe seats. There are monstrous egos and epic rivalries. There’s more tribalism than electoralism in many constituencies. The assembly has confounding combinations and permutations.

But the basic approach still applies. And the PML-N couldn’t get it right, failing right at the bottom of the pyramid by losing a general seat — the very one for which Nawaz himself had picked the PML-N candidate.

What makes that failure worse is that the centre has more clout in Balochistan than in any other province.

Remember who controls the centre? That would be the PML-N: specialising in failure even when screwing up seems improbable.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn March 8th , 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Pulling a PML-N

What, exactly, is the problem they’re trying to solve here? This whole business with the Senate elections and this sudden crisis. What’s up?

You’d think the country is about to get 52 corrupt, callous Richie Riches in the form of new senators. But anyone looked at the maths recently?

There’s four from Fata, two from Islamabad and 46 from the provinces who are going to be elected. Nobody is talking about Fata (which is, well, ironic, given that the conversation is ostensibly about money) and nobody is talking about the NA (the electoral college for the Isloo senators).

Aha, so that’s still 46 corrupt, callous Richie Riches and that’s pretty damn bad, you’re thinking.

But hang on. Of the 46 from the provinces, there’s eight women, eight technocrats and two non-Muslims — and nobody is claiming that’s where the trouble lies. You can’t really force yourself into the Senate against the wishes of parties on one of those 18 tickets.

So that leaves 28 from the provinces. Aha, you’re thinking again, 28 new, corrupt, callous Richie Riches from the provinces is 28 too many. It’s a bloody crisis.

But, again, hang on. The 28 on open — technically, general — seats from the provinces are equally divided: seven from each province.

Nobody is suggesting Sindh is a problem. (Imagine that!) So that leaves 21. Punjab is pretty much sewn up, the only seeming question mark over one seat. And that seat’s more about embarrassment for the PML-N than the PPP tossing around fistfuls of cash.

Which leaves 14. Ah, good ol’ Balochistan and KP. Fourteen corrupt, callous Richie Riches from two of the four federating units is much that is wrong with the system that passes for democracy here. Off with their heads! Not on our watch! Out, out, out!

What is the PML-N if not a party of bored, semi-talented men with small ambitions and big wallets who hanker after fancy titles?

But — yes, again — hang on. Nobody’s saying the big parties aren’t going to get their principal candidates elected. It’s not like the PML-N isn’t going to end up with a few senators from KP. And, for all the hand-wringing and tut-tutting, you wouldn’t bet against the PML-N picking up most of its quota in Balochistan. Same goes for the PTI in KP.

Which leaves us with less than a handful of seats on which some funny business may take place — and even then there’s no guarantee that funny money will buy success.

So — where’s the problem? If the problem is a few — a tiny, tiny few — bored, semi-talented men with small ambitions and big wallets who hanker after fancy titles and a shot at lording it over the people, then what the PML-N should really do is fire itself.

’Cause what is the PML-N if not a party of bored, semi-talented men with small ambitions and big wallets who hanker after fancy titles and a shot at lording it over the people?

But crisis it is — because the PML-N has decided it is. Amend the Constitution! Save democracy! Stem the rot! If there is a crisis it’s not really the one the PML-N wants you to think about. Step back and the big picture is all too clear and all too familiar: carpenter, tools, bad.

The PML-N wants you to believe the system is broken, but it’s really the PML-N that’s not working — well or even at plain par.

The story of how we went in a matter of days from an election the public didn’t give a toss about to this wild air of crisis and franticness in the government is a story of the PML-N being the PML-N; the PML-N being in denial about being the PML-N; and the PML-N blaming everyone else for the PML-N being the PML-N.

Here’s basically what happened. Nawaz went to Balochistan for one of those apex meetings and afterwards discovered that it’s gotten worse in what passes for a PML-N party set-up there. The MPAs weren’t just playing hardball, it really did look like they may land a blow or two by going their own way on the Senate issue.

Meanwhile, fear had wafted down from KP too. There it was a double dose of trouble: fear that a seat or two may slip from the N-League’s grasp; and fear that a mercurial Imran may lash out at the PML-N and turn vote-buying on the margins into yet another assault on Islamabad.

And then there was the perception problem: as the election neared, the media narrative that was emerging was of a corrupt system and corrupt politicians.

All of that is simple enough. But all of that obscures the basic problem: the inner core has undone the PML-N again. The more immediate failure was to steer the Senate-election process competently. Sit down, map the threats, work the angles, keep an ear to the ground and a firm hand on the wheel.

Essentially, do what Zardari did in 2012 when the PPP navigated serenely through raging conspiracy theories and a media frenzy. Do your homework, stay calm, bring your A game.

The longer-term failure: arrogance and dismissiveness towards the MPAs. Treat someone badly enough for long enough and they’re likely to act out. Give you trouble when you need them. Embarrass you. Defy you. Make you pay attention.

So if anything’s a crisis it’s that the PML-N has pulled a PML-N — again: planned poorly, behaved badly, reacted late and reached for the hammer when a firm hand on the shoulder would have done.

The system isn’t broken; it’s the PML-N that isn’t working. And no amendment can fix that.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Twin evolution

THE frenzy had been typically Pakistani. The government was being chucked out, the system wrapped up. Democracy was in trouble, again. Death was upon all of us. The world was at an end.

And then the Senate elections happened. Smooth as you like. Nobody cared; nothing untoward happened; the PPP got its near majority, then proceeded to do nothing with it. Everyone else just yawned. Life went on. That was three years ago.

This time round, few have bothered. There have been no conspiracy theories. No juicy scandals. No one is suggesting that a change in the composition of the Senate means anything for anyone. It’s become dull as the toupee on your average representative’s head.

Some might say that’s a good thing. The country needs a break. It needs normality. Some breathing space on the monstrous rollercoaster that is Pakistani politics. Thank God, we finally get to do something the way normal people do stuff.

Except, that isn’t true.

The Senate isn’t a place where normality is asserting itself in some small way; it’s become the place where politics goes to die. Die as in a yawn-inducing irrelevance that is corrosive for democracy.

When nobody can be bothered to even throw out a conspiracy or two; when third-tier politicians and bored, ultra-rich individuals with nothing to do are the only ones vying for tickets; when the public couldn’t give a monkey’s wrench about the whos and whens — you know the only thing being hurt is the system itself.

And this one — the Senate’s slide towards irrelevance — is entirely because of the civilians. No civ-mil, no third forces waiting in the shadows.

Politics — throw it all together — is going through something different.

The Senate is irrelevant because the civilian leadership of the country — last government and assemblies and this government and assemblies — wants the Senate to be irrelevant.

But forget a relevant Senate — what we’ve never had we can’t really miss — and let’s go big picture. Something’s wrong. Everyone can feel it. The system isn’t working.

Whatever the hell this is — civ-mil, the state of governance, the direction of the country, the whole shebang — it sure isn’t what it’s supposed to be, or even where it’s supposed to be going.

We’ve yet to figure out if we’re running round in circles, going backwards or doing sine waves. What we definitely aren’t doing is standing still or getting on a good trajectory.

Why though?

Politics — throw it all together, the civ and the mil, the governments and the parties, governance and policies, strategy and response — is going through something different. It’s not quite the 1990s and it’s not the ’70s or the ’50s either.

It’s something new, straddling the noughties and the teenies so far, roughly a decade old tracing back to the mid 2000s. And there are two markers for it: on the civilian side, roughly the Charter of Democracy; on the boys’ side, roughly the end of the Musharraf era.

The civ and mil approaches that have emerged from those two episodes have combined to shape the politics of the last decade or so and brought us to this new, uncertain era.

Start with the civilian side. They can’t govern, they aren’t interested in reforms and they can’t compete with the boys. Basically, they’re rubbish at running the country. In that, they’re like the political class of all previous decades, especially the ’90s and ’50s.

But there is one important difference: they get continuity. They get that the key to survival is to keep the system going. In essence, they are democrats to the extent that they believe in elections — and have yet to evolve beyond that baseline to include things like governance, systems and reforms.

To put it another way, they believe form is substance. It is a kind of evolution for sure, the belief that elections are democracy and democracy is elections.

That is the principal difference between the civilian political attitudes of the ’90s and over the last decade, and it was forged by the CoD — an agreement born of the civilian experiences of the 1990s.

That accounts for Nawaz and, you have to suspect, had she lived, BB too. For Nawaz, see everything he’s done since coming to power a third time. For BB, look no further than her closest allies and eventual successors — Asif understood continuity; the rest never grasped governance.

Turn to the boys. Times had already changed by the time Musharraf took over. Remember how he became Chief Executive and not CMLA? Remember how the court only gave him three years, refused to let him scrap the Constitution altogether and essentially forced him to hold elections in three years?

Yes, times had changed, in 1999. By 2007-2008, it was a whole different ball game. Resistance had grown, there were more moving parts.

The people had seen too many ‘my dear countrymen’ speeches; the politicians had grown smarter (see above); the courts were harder to smash; the media had been unleashed; subversive messages were rampant over SMS and, for the urbanised lot, the internet.

It wasn’t so much as a chief couldn’t take over if he really wanted to (see, Nov 3, 2007) but that the cost of a takeover had risen. Briefly, and naively, folk assumed the boys would bow to the new logic.

They had — but in a different way. In the demise of Musharraf, you no longer see a loss of control but the rise of a new form of control, the creation of a new template: bludgeoning the civilians into submission; asserting the boys’ core interests; ramping up a PR machine; staying on the right side of public and rank-and-file opinion.

It worked last term, on Zardari and the country, and it’s working this term, on Nawaz and the country. The non-coup is almost as impressive as a real coup.

That then is the new era: civilians evolved to believe elections are democracy; boys’ evolved to exert new forms of control. Not one evolution but two. And only in Pakistan would a double evolution turn out to maybe be a bad thing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 22nd , 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Today’s hero

SMART coup, hard coup, calling the shots, pulling the strings, the man in-charge. Anyway you cut it, it’s good to be Raheel.

The troops adore him, the public loves him, the politicians are in awe of him. He’s our warrior-in-chief, our leading diplomat, a grand strategician, a master tactician, a do-er and a thinker. He’s what Pakistan needs, he’s what Pakistan wants and he’s what Pakistan’s got.

Cut through all of that though and it’s fairly obvious: Raheel’s really stuck his neck out and is vulnerable as hell.

Going all-in in the fight against militancy — the narrow, parochial fight against the militants who are attacking Pakistani state and society — has made the chief Pakistan’s hero.

But that may also end up being the problem — Raheel has gone all-in. What happens if the plan doesn’t work? What happens when they strike again?

Read: Militant siege of Peshawar school ends, 141 killed

The Peshawar convulsion was in at least one way a game-changer — for the chief’s approach. He threw everything AND the kitchen sink at the problem. He got military courts. He had people hanged. He dashed to Kabul. His troops turned the screws in North Waziristan. His planes pummelled chunks of Fata.

He’s what Pakistan needs, he’s what Pakistan wants and he’s what Pakistan’s got.

He worked the phones. He spoke to world leaders. He cajoled Pakistan’s leaders. He got everyone to focus. This was going to be his legacy. This was going to his fight. This was going to be his victory.

But what happens if the plan doesn’t work? What happens when they strike again?

Also read: Parliament passes 21st Constitutional Amendment, Army Act Amendment

Shikarpur and the latest Peshawar attack don’t count. It’s too close to the December convulsion. Too near the school carnage. Nobody really thought that would be the last attack so quickly.

If anything, Shikarpur and this week’s Peshawar have underlined the threat that’s out there. If anything, Shikarpur and this week’s Peshawar have proved why we need Raheel.

Go get them for us, General. Finish them. End this. Godspeed.

Which is great — for us, for Raheel, for now. But fast forward a bit. Six months down the road. Maybe nine months or a year.

What if they strike again then? What if they top Peshawar? What’s Raheel got left in the bag?

Hangings, done. Military courts, done. Military operations, done. Aerial pounding, done. Ground attacks, done. Dashes to Afghanistan, done. Raids in the cities — so-called intelligence-based operations — done.

What would there be left for the chief to do? Before Peshawar, before the school carnage, there was so much room. Hence the hangings and military courts and countrywide raids and cross-border diplomacy and clandestine intelligence and military operations.

From NWA in June to Peshawar in December, Raheel cut a path that has put him and his approach front and centre. Because it hasn’t had time to work — or not work — he’s still the darling of the country.

A fearful public isn’t going to abandon its one last hope in the midst of the darkness. But hope has a funny way of turning sour. Today’s hero is tomorrow’s villain. See, Musharraf and Kayani. Each of them had a different approach.

Musharraf was the swaggering commando who straddled the country and vowed to break backbones and snap spines — and wowed the country in the process. He was scared of nobody and everyone loved the brashness — until they started to hate it.

Because, ultimately, things didn’t get better, they got worse. And all the braggadocio in the world can’t hide things going boom and stuff burning and people dying. And that’s really all the public wants — for things not to go boom, for stuff not to burn and people not to die.

Kayani was the mumbly general who saw what happened to the brash Musharraf and learned from it. So he promised little and delivered little.

Rather, Kayani got the cyclical nature of a militarised strategy to fight militancy: sometimes you’re on top — Swat, South Waziristan — sometimes you’re not — pretty much everything in the second term.

Ultimately though, all the philosophising in the world can’t make people accept things sometimes going boom and stuff burning now and then and people dying in waves, cyclical or not.

So both Musharraf and Kayani got it wrong. Now we have Raheel trying to be the best of both of them — decisive but smart; inclined towards action but thinking along the way; fierce but sympathetic; both heard from and listened to.

Once again, it looks good — until it won’t. Because any militarised strategy to fight militancy will meet the same fate. But Raheel has an extra burden — what’s he going to do when the next devastation is wrought, if it’s on his watch in the next two years?

What big move has he got left?

You can sense the government has figured this out. Let him enjoy his moment in the sun. In the meantime, keep him as close to us as possible. Let him lead the way. We’ll follow and take all the flak and insults and taunts.

Then, if it happens again, if something tops Peshawar, we’ll look the nation in the eye and solemnly say, your government and your armed forces have done everything we can, this is a long fight, please bear with us, we’re all in this together.

If you can’t rise, wait for your enemy to fall.

Raheel would have two choices at that point. Go the dictator route: our country is in trouble, I needed to do this, blah, blah, blah. But he’d be a Yahya by then — doomed before he can settle in.

Or he could go the Musharraf and Kayani route, harkening back to a great start, chafing against/resigned to a lousy end.

So yes, Raheel is king today. But only if you ignore the risk — he’s left nothing in the bag and doesn’t have an exit strategy.

Today’s hero is usually tomorrow’s villain here. With a caveat: politicians get a second chance, generals don’t.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 15th , 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Crazy talk

THEY call it a sequential approach. Let the good crazies run around and do the things they like while the boys go after the bad crazies first. Then, once all the bad crazies have been dispatched, it’ll be time to figure out what to do with the good crazies.

Sounds crazy, right? Think of it as a statist version of leaving for tomorrow what can be done today. Hence all those K-Day protests.

There is another possibility though: when you can’t say no, you say maybe. Essentially, the sequential approach is the polite way of telling the world what it wants to hear while merrily getting on with business as usual.

You can even imagine that the bigger and mightier India gets someone here will be thinking, the bigger they are the harder they fall.

Too sceptical? Forget the history, forget the circumstantial stuff, set everything aside. And reverse the question. Instead of looking for reasons why things have changed or will change, ask why they should change in the first place. Or, to put it bluntly, why change a winning strategy?

We do know that at least three things have changed: Fata is on fire and 200,000 troops are fire-fighting; militancy across the Durand Line has become bi-directional; and the extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network has exploded across Pakistan.

Much of that is clearly bad, whatever the strategy. But could that just be an acceptable price to pay for a winning strategy, the inevitable downside to a very big upside?

And, in the case of the extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network, could that in fact be a necessary tool in a winning strategy, an inflammable substance to be handled with care rather than a toxic one to be buried deep underground?

Between the everything’s-changed and nothing’s-changed schools of thought, there is nestled the hawks’ perspective: at home, stuff has changed; outside, stuff is on track.

Start with India. If there’s one thing India doesn’t have an answer to it’s Pakistan-based, anti-India militancy. Nukes they can design. Missiles they can build. Planes they can buy. Submarines, guns and soldiers too. But they don’t quite know what to do about militancy. Which isn’t surprising. Because there’s not much anyone can do against the jihad complex that Pakistan has built.

India tried the war route in the early 2000s. That ended in a stalemate on the border. Then it tried the international diplomatic route in the late 2000s. They’re still at it, but so are Hafiz Saeed and Masood Azhar and the Harkat. No prizes for guessing who’s ahead.

Whether it’s the Pakistan-loving Manmohan or the Pakistan-baiting Modi, the NSA dove Menon or the NSA hawk Doval, whether India gallops away economically or the gap grows more slowly, no matter what the hell India does, it can’t shake off the jihad leverage.

You can even imagine that the bigger and mightier India gets someone here will be thinking, the bigger they are the harder they fall. They may even cheer India on to grow bigger. Makes for a fatter target and a more satisfying blow.

Ah, but that’s crazy, you’re thinking. The Kashmir policy has been a disaster. We’re no closer to a settlement. We’ve failed to internationalise the dispute. Nobody likes us, everyone thinks we’re trouble. It’s not just unwise it’s self-defeating.

Not really. In a certain world, from a certain perspective, it makes total sense. Don’t think about it being just about Kashmir. The anti-India jihad complex is leverage in the broader Pak-India relationship.

It is the one instrument that Pakistan has that drives Indians crazy, keeps them up at night and to which they have no response. No response that Pakistan can’t absorb and is unwilling to absorb.

Why the hell would you give that up against Enemy No 1? Why the hell would you change a winning strategy?

Switch to Afghanistan. It worked. The strategy. The damn thing has worked. It’s almost beautiful.

To begin with, we hung on to both our allies: the Afghan Taliban and the Americans. That’s quite something if you think about it. They fought each other for 13 years and we directly helped both sides and both of them are still somehow grateful to us. The Americans keep giving us billions, Mullah Omar keeps shouting down militant violence inside Pakistan — it’s bloody brilliant.

And now, 13 years later, if Afghanistan unravels, Pakistan and its Taliban buddies will be there to pick up the pieces and the world will disapprove but not really do anything about it because, well, they had 13 years and they screwed up. And even if Afghanistan doesn’t unravel, Pakistan has managed to remain the arbiter of Afghanistan’s security without so much as having to pick up the tab. Thank you, US and India and your fat chequebooks. Suckers.

Which brings us back to the mosque-madressah-social welfare network. It’s a problem, sure. But it’s also a vital resource: without it you’d have no India or Afghan policy.

Because to have an anti-India jihad, you need jihadists. And to produce jihadists you need an extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network.

Over on the other side, the Afghan Taliban have had 13 years of war to mint the next generation of Afghan Taliban, but that has also meant they haven’t had the time or space to create their own extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network.

If you’re Pakistan, you don’t want to leave such things to chance. So you build and equip your own extremist network. For material aid and spiritual sustenance.

The boys may talk about a sequential approach and a changed world. They’re going to wrap up the jihad complex. Put it out of business. Sequentially. But why would you change a winning strategy?

Now that would be crazy.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, February 8th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Respond, not reform

THERE are two kinds of bomb blasts in Pakistan: the kind that happen in places no one cares about and that result in nothing happening — immediately; and the other kind that happen in places people do care about and that result in nothing happening — in due course, after an initial kerfuffle.

There are also two kinds of crises in Pakistan: the kind that happen in places no one cares about and that lead to nothing happening — immediately; and the other kind that happen in places people do care about that lead to nothing happening — in due course, after an initial kerfuffle.

Sometimes, the gods like to mess with us and send us several of everything at the same time. So, we’ve had Peshawar and now Shikarpur. We’ve also had electricity and then petrol and now electricity again. And soon we’ll have some other attack and another crisis. And through it all, some folk will rage, others will shrug; some will run out of money, others will grow rich; some will bury a relative, others will get on with life — immediately or in due course.

Sometimes, things do catch up with you. In the places where it matters. Even then it just seems to add up to waiting for more.

Take petrol. So much time spent arguing over it, so much deconstruction of it — but did anyone mention that the shortage was because of that mother of all screw-ups, electricity? Every explanation, demand or supply side, so breathlessly offered by political apologists and overnight analysts came down to a version of ‘PSO ran out of money’. But because PSO is seemingly now always on the verge of running out of cash, it wasn’t necessary to explain why.

Except PSO is always running out of cash and credit and it’s mostly running out of cash and credit because of that mother of all screw-ups, electricity — euphemistically known as circular debt.

Pakistan is broken, but it isn’t broken enough to incentivise anyone in power to really fix anything.

Roughly, a long-term electricity crisis on one side of the energy pie eventually travelled to the other side of the energy pie and caused a disruption in the petrol scheme of things. Which isn’t very surprising. Because that’s what happen when you let epic crises drag out endlessly — in the financial world anyway, ’cause someone always has to get paid there.

Then again maybe it was better that few wanted to talk about a broken electricity sector in the midst of a petrol crisis — because that would have created two circuses instead of one.

Incensed folk would have been jumping up and down demanding to also know WHY THIS GOVERNMENT CAN’T FIX ELECTRICITY. An inane question that would have been met with inane answers like: the government is incompetent and doesn’t deserve to be in power or the government is corrupt and diverting mega deals to its favourites.

None of that would answer a more basic, incentives question: if the last general election was essentially a referendum on electricity, then why hasn’t this government learned that lesson?

Surely, when there’s a massive prize to be had — winning consecutive elections — for doing something that the last guy couldn’t do, the new guy should be doing whatever it takes to grab that prize.

Including crony capitalism and sweetheart energy deals — because once electricity is flowing and flowing at a reasonable price, few voters would complain. But the government is somehow managing to draw flak for crony capitalism AND not getting better at managing the electricity sector.

What gives? We seem to be in a state where we’re discovering the alternative to a winner-takes-all incentive: if everyone fails, then nobody really loses — among the politicians anyway.

If the electricity crisis began under Musharraf (army — best organised political party in the country) then worsened under Zardari (PPP) and now is infecting other sectors under Nawaz (PML) and eventually gets passed on to Imran (PTI) or Raheel (army) and those guys don’t fix it either — then, collectively, there’s nothing wrong with the system, right?

Essentially, sometimes incentives aren’t what they seem to be.

Take this madressah funding business. Folk are jumping up and down yelling for Saudi, and Gulf, funding to be cut off. But ‘foreign funding of madressahs is stoking extremism’ is the equivalent of ‘India is causing Balochistan’: a story we tell ourselves to feel better. It feels good to bash the noxious Saudis, but it’s not really their money that’s keeping the mosque-madressah-social welfare network afloat here — it’s Pakistanis themselves.

The mosque-madressah-social welfare network has created an economy of its own and even if you could somehow turn away the Saudi inflows, that economy would simply find alternative sources of funding locally. But nobody wants to talk about that because everybody knows nobody is willing to do anything about that — or can.

Drill down, poke around on the surface, pick these issues or any another issue — over and over again, once you strip away the silliness, you’ll find eventually the same answer: Pakistan is broken, but it isn’t broken enough to incentivise anyone in power to really fix anything. Or to put it another way: the state won’t reform, but it does respond — and as long as it can respond, it doesn’t need to reform.

We ran out of petrol, Nawaz made sure we had it in a couple of days. Why reform when you can respond? Especially since no one cares the short-term petrol crisis was a long-term result of the electricity crisis.

A school with the word ‘army’ in its name was attacked in Peshawar, the army went into overdrive to get those behind it and rolled out some populist stuff — hangings, military courts — to appease its base, the army itself. Why reform when you can respond?

Folk yelling about reforms here are usually missing the point: the system hasn’t yet created the incentives for the system to produce solutions. Until then, responses are what everyone will have to live with.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn February 1st, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Imran and Nawaz

IT’S a strange, strange world in which Imran starts to look better than Nawaz. Or a depressing one, anyway. But look at the record of the last six months and it’s difficult to deny: Imran is beginning to seem more reasonable than Nawaz.

Madness? Preposterous reactionary-ism? Losing the plot? Hang on, let’s work through the evidence.

Imran wanted to be prime minister; Imran still wants to be prime minister — nothing wrong in a politician wanting to be prime minister. But, last August, Imran put wanting to be prime minister ahead of everything else.

Goodbye, crazed, destructive Imran of last August and hello, chastened, reasonable Imran of today?

To hell with reforms, to hell with procedure and propriety, go for broke. Imran turned up on Constitution Avenue with his wacky sidekick Tahirul Qadri and threatened all sorts of mayhem, even delivering on some of their threats.

That was terrible. It was hideous. The country was alternately fascinated and horrified at seeing an ego explode, a politician go from the promise of holding feet to the fire to engulfing the system in flames.

Imran talked a great plot throughout, but his actions betrayed the oldest of tales: ego and desperation masquerading as an outsider wanting to do good. It was as sad as it was true and it was out there for anyone to see.

But then a strange thing began to happen: Imran started to sound reasonable — strictly, it must be emphasised, in comparison to the N-League.

Consider the first climb down: Nawaz could stay. Gone was precondition, the basic demand, the one that imperilled the whole system and threatened to turn the elected system on its head. Instead, Imran demanded just a super commission, one to investigate the fraud alleged in May 2013.

Then, post-Peshawar, Imran wrapped up his street protests and publicly sat down with Nawaz to talk terrorism. There was no quid pro quo demanded and little politics engaged in.

This week, with the promised super commission still nowhere in sight, Imran kept his finger on the pause button, opting not to renew his anti-government street protests. Instead, Imran talked largely about KP, development and governance.

Goodbye, crazed, destructive Imran of last August and hello, chastened, reasonable Imran of today?

Hold on a minute, you’re thinking. That’s nuts. It’s not Imran who’s changed, it’s the circumstances that have.

There is, of course, an alternative explanation. Imran set out for Islamabad last August thinking he had the support of the army to chuck out Nawaz and trigger new elections.

The army may have manipulated Imran into thinking it would support him all the way or Imran had deluded himself into thinking it would — either way, once it became apparent the army’s goal was only to hobble, Imran was stuck.

He had gone for broke, had no exit strategy and was trapped on Constitution Avenue. Imran had no option but to climb down.

So, he took the minus-Nawaz demand off the table and focused on his more legitimate and reasonable demands — and in doing so transferred some of the pressure onto the PML-N.

Then, when Peshawar happened in the PTI’s backyard, not suspending the protests would have brought public opprobrium on the PTI.

To hell with your politics, if you had been doing your job, maybe our kids would not have died, an angry public and the PTI’s political opponents could have claimed had the PTI not called off the dharna.

Finally, there’s January — Imran’s dharna convention this week ending with a focus on KP instead of pressure on Nawaz. Hang on to that last thought for a bit.

For now, the basic argument holds: whatever the impetus, whatever the reasons, at least the climb down is real. Imran could have, say, continued to demand Nawaz’s resignation — it’s not like dropping that demand has got Imran any closer to his vaunted May 2013 inquiry.

So, forget the whys and hows — Imran has come across as reasonable at key moments in the last six months. Contrast that with Nawaz since last August.

Everything — everything — was gummed up because of that infernal dharna on Constitution Avenue. After a while, Qadri was willing to go home if he got an inquiry into Model Town and Imran if he got a super commission. The country could have limped on from the crisis.

It was in Nawaz’s hands to let the country move on. But he gave nothing to either man.

After Peshawar, Nawaz had a chance to look prime ministerial again. He partially grabbed it. Nawaz gravely presided over security meetings, expertly shepherded a constitutional amendment through parliament — but still no commission.

Even though Imran had met him halfway and Nawaz’s relative position had strengthened.

And that brings us to this week — the same week Imran all but called off his anti-government campaign and announced he will focus on making KP a better place, Nawaz presided over a wretched petrol crisis in the heart of his political empire.

What did Nawaz do? Forget Imran’s super commission for May 2013, Nawaz couldn’t even bring himself to fire a minister. For an unnecessary crisis that hurts Nawaz more than anyone else.

Look elsewhere. Where’s the cabinet reshuffle? The cabinet isn’t working, but it is continuing. How’s civ-mil? It takes something special to leave it in worse shape than under a Zardari-led PPP. How’s energy? Never mind. Where are the jobs? Next question. Actually, forget it.

Back to this week: Imran didn’t need to focus on KP, but he did; Nawaz needed to fire a minister, but he didn’t. Sure, the PML-N may still finish ahead of the PTI in a general election, but it’s a strange, strange world where Imran starts to look more reasonable than Nawaz.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 25th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Crossroads, again

Here’s a speech fit for a chief:“As you would remember, ever since I assumed office, I launched a campaign to rid the society of extremism, violence and terrorism and strived to project Islam in its true perspective.

“By the grace of God Almighty our decision was absolutely correct. Our intentions were noble and God Almighty helped us. I am happy to say that the vast majority of Pakistanis stood by this decision and supported our decision. I am proud of the realistic decision of our nation. What really pains me is that some religious extremist parties and groups opposed this decision. What hurts more was that their opposition was not based on principles. At a critical juncture in our history, they preferred their personal and party interests over national interests.

“Sectarian terrorism has been going on for years.

Read| Peshawar: As India mourns with Pakistan, Musharraf blames New Delhi, Kabul

“Every one of us is fed up of it. It is becoming unbearable. Our peace-loving people are keen to get rid of the Kalashinkov and weapons culture. Every one is sick of it. It was because of this that we banned Lashkar-e-Jhangvi and Sipah-e-Muhammad. Yet little improvement occurred. The day of reckoning has come.

“Do we want Pakistan to become a theocratic state? Do we believe that religious education alone is enough for governance or do we want Pakistan to emerge as a progressive and dynamic Islamic welfare state? The verdict of the masses is in favour of a progressive Islamic state.

Also read:Musharraf blames US for terrorism

“Pakistan has been made a soft state where the supremacy of law is questioned. This situation cannot be tolerated any more. The question is what is the correct path? First of all, we must rid the society of sectarian hatred and terrorism, promote mutual harmony. Remember that mindsets cannot be changed through force and coercion.

Much of what was done — or attempted — post-Jan 2002 is being repeated. Will the outcome a few years from now be any different?

“By the way, we must remember that only the government of the day and not every individual can proclaim armed jihad. The extremist minority must realise that Pakistan is not responsible for waging armed jihad in the world.

“We have formulated a new strategy for madressahs and there is need to implement it so as to galvanise their good aspects and remove their drawbacks.

Also read: Footnotes from ‘war on terror’

“It would mean that the students of madressahs should be brought to the mainstream through a better system of education. This is the crux of the madressah strategy.

“We must check abuse of mosques and madressahs and they must not be used for spreading political and sectarian prejudices. We want to ensure that mosques enjoy freedom and we are here to maintain it. At the same time we expect a display of responsibility along with freedom. If the imam of mosques fail to display responsibility, curbs would have to be placed on them.

Also read: Liberal-religious bonhomie over Peshawar carnage dissipates

“First, we have to establish the writ of the government. All organisations in Pakistan will function in a regulated manner. No individual, organisation or party will be allowed to break the law of the land. The internal environment has to be improved.

“We will continue to extend our moral, political and diplomatic support to Kashmiris. We will never budge an inch from our principled stand on Kashmir. The Kashmir problem needs to be resolved by dialogue and peaceful means in accordance with the wishes of the Kashmiri people and the United Nations resolutions. We have to find the solution of this dispute. No organisation will be allowed to indulge in terrorism in the name of Kashmir.

“Strict action will be taken against any Pakistani individual, group or organisation found involved in terrorism within or outside the country. Our behaviour must always be in accordance with international norms.

“Now as commander of the armed forces of Pakistan, I wish to convey another message. The armed forces of Pakistan are fully prepared and deployed to meet any challenge. They will spill the last drop of their blood in the defence of their country. Let there be no attempt of crossing the border in any sector as it will be met with full force. Do not entertain any illusions on this count.

“Now I come to the extremist organisations. Terrorism and sectarianism must come to an end.

“With a view to ending conflict, I have explained to you at great length the three areas causing confusion in our minds. Making rules, regulations and issuing ordinances is easy but their implementation is difficult. However, I feel all the measures I have announced are of utmost importance. We have to implement them. In this regard, the law enforcement agencies including police must perform their duty.”

It’s not a made-up speech. Every word was delivered by a chief. In January 2002. By Musharraf. That was the speech that marked the beginning of the cold storage: freezing ties with Kashmir-centric jihadis; ratcheting down support for the Afghan Taliban; trying to stall the growth of the extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network.

Fast forward to the mid-2000s and the policy, which delivered reasonable but spotty results, started to unravel. Soon enough Pakistan was all-in again. No need to rehash why and how here.

Fast forward again to the present day and the country is at a crossroads — again. Much of what was done — or attempted — post-Jan 2002 is being repeated. Will the outcome a few years from now be any different?

Time will tell. Raheel is serious, but it’s not his seriousness that matters most. Three things are different 13 years on: Fata is aflame and 200,000 troops are fire fighting; cross-border militancy along the Durand line has become bi-directional; and the militant-extremist complex in the cities has exploded.

Those three things create an incentive to not repeat the mistakes of the past. One problem though: India is still unresolved. And India was at the root of all of this.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn January 18th , 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

New Nawaz

WELL, at least now we know: he’ll take dictation. Nawaz I-won’t-take-dictation Sharif is dead, but what about this new fella? Post-Peshawar, now into a third calendar year of his third stint in power, how’s new, lame-duck Nawaz doing?

Not too bad, actually.

Forget all the could haves, should haves, would haves, let’s talk politics a bit. More obvious than ever, there’s two kinds of politics here: the meta variety; and what the civilians squabble over.

Let’s start with the meta kind. Post-Peshawar, the biggest, baddest, most impressive character in this blighted land of ours is, the other Sharif.

Raheel controls much, Nawaz controls little — everyone knows that. But here’s the thing: Nawaz isn’t competing with Raheel.

Through his various interventions Raheel has swung the system further towards the boys, but in those very interventions has been buried another message: the chief isn’t interested in taking over.

Because other Sharif isn’t interested in taking over, our Sharif can roll over and play dead. Because even though Nawaz has lost the meta game, it’s still looking pretty good for him on the civilian side of things.

Remember: check all those could haves, should haves, would haves at the door first. Now, let’s do this.

Post-Peshawar, Raheel may have trumped Nawaz, but Nawaz has done better than the other folk who matter, ie the civilian competition.

Post-Peshawar, Nawaz has dodged a bullet — thanks, ironically, to the boys — and managed to rise to the occasion — thanks, sadly, to what counts as rising here.

Post-Peshawar, Nawaz is sitting pretty.

Even though Nawaz has lost the meta game, it’s still looking good for him on the civilian side of things.

Let’s start with the dodged bullet. Military courts handed Nawaz a political lifeline — because it switched the conversation from governance failures to judicial incompetence.

Heck, the conversation on governance failure didn’t even start thanks to the alacrity of the boys — they wanted mil courts, they wanted them now and they weren’t going to let the Peshawar moment pass.

Remember: this is a government that was adamant talks needed to happen and believed they could succeed.

Remember: last Jan, Nawaz went to parliament to give a speech everyone thought would lead to a military operation and came out having announced more talks.

Remember: this is a government that pretended to invent an internal security policy and then didn’t even pretend to follow it.

But, post-Peshawar, few remembered any of that and even fewer cared. Because all anyone wanted to talk about was military courts.

Then, Nawaz managed to look busy. Real busy. Almost prime ministerial. He was chairing meetings, turning up in parliament, holding APCs, issuing statement after statement, working, working, working.

Reality seemed to match the spin for once. Nawaz brought the political class together. He manufactured consensus. He acted quickly when the consensus began to fray. He got a constitutional amendment done in double-quick time. He got the hangings up and running.

The critics may split hairs — it wasn’t because of Nawaz; it was all down to Raheel — and the critics may be right. But that’s beside the point.

Military courts are popular. Hangings are popular. Being hands-on, in front of the cameras and getting things done is popular. Nawaz has done all of that. Co-ownership is better than no ownership.

It’s been a good run. And that’s only the security side of things. Elsewhere, the gods have been kind.

A third of the way in, most governments here are usually just trying to paper over the cracks. No reforms, no structural changes, limp economy, rising prices, belt tightening, unpopular choices — the only things that grow around this time is public disillusionment and a government’s problems.

But Nawaz got lucky: oil happened. Prices start to fall. The economists and number-crunchers may argue over the real impact of falling oil prices, but economists and number-crunchers argue over everything. The political impact is clear: folk out in the street love it.

It doesn’t matter that the government here has nothing to do with falling oil prices. It doesn’t even matter if the average man in the street is aware that the government has nothing to do with falling oil prices.

What matters is that instead of entering a phase of rising anger and growing disillusionment, the public is faced with subsiding troubles — or the feeling of subsiding troubles, anyway.

Throw in a couple of billion dollars of savings in imports; metro bus coming online in Isloo; maybe some electricity and road projects grabbing headlines; possibly a sweetheart deal on gas imports — and it’s looking pretty damn good. By Pakistani standards, anyway.

Which is great for Nawaz because, well, we are in Pakistan.

The cherry on top of all of that: you only have to be better than the competition. Since Raheel isn’t it that leaves just one realistic threat: Imran.

But Imran’s had a poor month or so, politically speaking: Peshawar happened in the PTI’s backyard and forced Imran to halt his get-Nawaz campaign. Imran can restart his campaign — and probably will — but, so what?

Assume Nawaz is churlish and stubborn and refuses to give Imran his judicial commission. Imran takes to the streets again. Then what?

Even before Peshawar, two things had become apparent: Imran has enough street support to sustain his protest movement, but not enough to overthrow the government; the only real threat to the government is the government itself.

Post-Peshawar, the only thing that has changed is that the government would have to make an even more catastrophic mistake for Imran to be able to capitalise — what a limp, desultory government can get away with is much less than what a spry, populist government can.

Bottom line, post-Peshawar: Nawaz is weaker, but more secure. Old Nawaz wouldn’t have liked it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn January 11th , 2014

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

OK, goodbye

They want you to believe this is a reaction to Peshawar. But they’ve wanted this for a long time: military courts. It wasn’t possible before. Too ugly, too difficult. Then Peshawar happened.

Peshawar was not sui generis, an atrocity that changed all the rules. Peshawar was the logical culmination of a long, persistent struggle.

Read: Militant siege of Peshawar school ends, 141 killed

It began somewhere in the darkness of the late 2000s. The game of cat and mouse between the military and the anti-Pak militants had begun to morph.

Peshawar didn’t invent this: Peshawar gave them the excuse.

No longer confined to Fata, it had spread to the cities and Pakistan proper. Even in Fata, the nature of the fight had begun to change, from small, localised operations to full-scale war.

What to do about the men captured alive? Sometimes, you wanted to capture them alive: they provided valuable intelligence. Other times, you had no choice but to capture them alive, to take prisoners in the dozens and hundreds.

Also read: Political leaders reach consensus on military courts

For years, the problem had been small enough to not cause much consternation. An irritant, as it were. Some were disposed of, no questions asked. Others were handed over to the courts, eventually released and then picked up again. An ugly cycle that created resentment on all sides, but still manageable enough.

Swat, South Waziristan and Iftikhar Chaudhry changed all of that. In Swat, they were picked up in the thousands. There were packed into rooms, buildings, anywhere with a lock and a key and a guard to stand watch. Too many to stay at the margins.

Also read: Military courts: a wrong move

The army wasn’t willing to let them go — the victory in Swat too important, the fight too bitter to forget. But feed them into the system and most would likely walk. It wasn’t the courts’ fault.

The system and the rules hadn’t caught up to the fact a war was being fought. From South Waziristan, they spilled out into the cities, travelling to faraway Karachi, turbocharging the militant threat there and everywhere, forcing the system to capture more and more, leaving in its wake darker and darker tales.

Also read: No distinction now between good and bad Taliban: Nawaz

It all eventually got too much. For Iftikhar Chaudhry, anyway. What the hell is going on, the crusading CJ asked. Bring us all these people, Chaudhry demanded. What are you doing to them, the Supreme Court all but yelled.

Think missing persons. They became a thing because of Chaudhry and his court. People started to ask questions. The excesses began to be talked about. The spillover into Balochistan began to be debated. It started to become uncomfortable.

Also read: Former CJ Iftikhar Chaudhry says military courts 'unconstitutional'

Think the Adiala 11. That wretched lot, accused by the army of some of the most audacious attacks, set free by the courts and then scooped up from outside the gates of Adiala.

No one remembered the Adiala 11. Except the court. The army refused to budge. The court pushed harder. Eventually, the broken, distended bodies began to turn up. Then, the horrifying spectacle in the court itself, barely recognisable humans brought in front of collapsing relatives. The public was repulsed. Surely, not in our names. It was hard to tell who the monster was, who the victim.

It all became too much. Swat and South Waziristan had already set the wheels in motion. Ideas were canvassed. Opinions were sought. We need a system to make these guys pay, the boys insisted.

Slowly, they began to get their system. You’ve heard of it in recent years. Strange names. Actions in Aid of Civil Power, Fata, Pata. Anti-Terrorism Amendment Ordinance, VII, VIII. Fair Trial Act. POPO. Amended POPO. POPO that became POPA, some say PPA. Article 245 invoked.

It was all legislative and administrative. All done by the civilians. All engineered by the boys.

Sometimes, it was presented as a favour: if you want us to do this, then these are the tools we need. Other times, it was postulated as a necessity: the problem is growing, we can’t go on like this, do this and this so that we can do what’s needed.

Always, it edged us closer to a hermetically closed system. Plucked from the battlefield or a safe house in a ghetto somewhere, kept in secrecy and done to whatever is necessary. Then, marched to either a cell or an execution chamber, depending on how relevant you are, how much repentance you’ve expressed and how lenient the system wants to be.

Think of it as a stone-crushing factory. Truck pulls up, dumps a bunch of boulders onto a conveyor belt. Sorry, you can’t ask if they’re boulders or if they need to be crushed. We know what we’re doing. Let us do our job.

The boulders bump along the conveyor belt, a few pulled off on occasion by someone or the other. Sorry, we needed that one. No, you can’t ask us why. We know what we’re doing. Let us do our job. Occasionally, a boulder is returned to the belt.

Eventually, the surviving boulders arrive at the crushing site. They stay in there a while. All that emerges are neatly packed bags with powdered stone.Nope, you can’t ask us what went on in there. No, you may not ask how they were selected. We know what we’re doing. Let us do our job. Trust us. OK, goodbye.

And then, the neatly packed bags of powdered stone are loaded onto trucks and driven away. That’s what a hermetically sealed system looks like, militarily, administratively, legally. That’s what they’ve wanted and, now, with military courts, that’s what they’ve got.

Peshawar didn’t invent this; Peshawar gave them the excuse.

We know what we’re doing. Let us do our job. Trust us. OK, goodbye.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, January 4th, 2015

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Militarisation

LATE last summer, with the PTI protest at its peak and anything possible, an N-Leaguer wondered aloud, how do you save democracy in a country where no one other than the government seems interested in saving it?

The problem with the question was obvious. A few weeks later, after several self-inflicted wounds by the PML-N, the N-Leaguer corrected himself, how do you save democracy in a country when no one seems interested in saving it? How do you save democracy in a country where no one is a democrat?

The answer was, and is, obvious. The response to Peshawar has confirmed that. More interesting is to understand how it works and try and figure out where it is all leading.

Why would a civilian government manifestly undermine itself, civilians and democratic structures in response to Peshawar?

Why does surrender come so easy to the civilians? Why would a civilian government manifestly undermine itself, civilians and democratic structures in response to Peshawar?

The easy answer is that the army is a bully. The boys are stronger. They’ve got guns, they’ve got the ISI and they know everyone’s secrets. So, when the boys speak, people listen. There’s no need for them to pound tables or knock heads together. If they want military courts, military courts are what they’ll get.

Much of that is true. But it doesn’t fully explain the internal predominance. For that you have to look at the approach too. Essentially, the civilians are about the individual, the boys about the institution.

The legislative arena epitomises the difference. The boys can’t legislate themselves and yet they manage to get their preferred legislation done better and more efficiently than the civilians. Hence all this Protection of Pakistan ugliness and Article 245 silliness and, now, military courts horror show. How?

Because they do their homework. Because they’ve thought through the possible objections and deflections and they come prepared. And because, where necessary, they are prepared to be patient.

They also work as a team. With the JAG branch, ISI analysts and military leadership on one side, the little talent in the law ministry and parliament never really stands a chance.

There’s more to it than just unity though. It’s the files, the institutional memory, that really gives them the edge. Say, a new legal hand arrives in the Judge Advocate General Branch. He doesn’t know anything about missing persons or even the law.

Let’s imagine he’s asked to write a brief on missing persons and how to get the army out of the mess it has found itself in with the courts. He won’t have to start from scratch.

There’ll be a file somewhere, a system, a sheaf of papers and possibly PowerPoint presentations to read through, something to tell our new legal hand where the last institutional thought had left off and possibly about which issues are yet to be figured out.

It is nowhere — nowhere — as sophisticated and developed a system as a decent law firm’s. But it beats the pants off the competition, the competition being the civilian side.

Know who your law minister is? Try harder. Pervaiz Rashid? Handed the law ministry because Zahid Hamid got in trouble over Nov 2007 with the courts?

Do you need to say anything more about the PML-N’s institutional, internal capacity in the legal arena other than the rather wretched fact that they used a front to keep the law ministry running in the hands of a guy who was last law minister to the guy you’re trying to hang for treason? Until that very treason trial forced a more significant, though likely temporary, exit?

Hamid is good, very good. Pervaiz likeable. But the PML-N’s capacity to concurrently staff two governments — Punjab and Islamabad — in the legislative and legal administrative arenas? Nil.

So, where is all this leading? You can guess the trajectory from here. To begin with, the least interesting thing: elections on time, in 2018.

Then, on to the militancy front. It will be tamped down for a while. But it will return. Mull over this: the guy who waged an insurgency against which the boys believe they fought their best counter-insurgency five years ago is also the guy to whom the architects of Peshawar pay obeisance, ie Fazlullah.

Success breeds success, for both sides it seems. Which is really a cycle, though perhaps an ever-shortening cycle.

Next, the grimmer part: knowing that the militants will eventually have to top Peshawar. They could repeat past carnages on a grander scale, but repeats aren’t as devastating.

So, what could it be? A mall? A nuclear installation? A hostage situation in parliament? Something grotesque in Lahore, a Mumbai at home? We’ll only find out when it happens. Which is also when we’ll likely find out someone somewhere in the bowels of the state predicted it would happen — and was ignored.

What then? We’d have already hanged all the terrorists on death row. Killed many more in the name of terrorism out in the field. Rationalised missing persons. Convicted everyone hauled before military courts. Promised to cut off the head of the snake. Vowed to crush the enemy’s backbone.

What would be left? Having already traversed the distance between militarisation of security policy to militarisation of the state itself, the only thing left then would be more militarisation.

Somewhere someone in a uniform is probably looking at the lie of the land. Troops everywhere, unable to ever withdraw, threats multiplying, local and foreign. What’s the obvious solution to a permanent war? A larger military. More soldiers. More officers. More everything.

Stay tuned for that memo.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 28th, 2014

Not on their watch

SOMETIMES, anecdotes suffice. Late last year, after a wave of terror attacks in KP had forced the government to think about militancy, the prime minister held a round of consultations with the usual suspects from the media, the analyst community, civil society and the like.

At one of those meetings, the prime minister said he was simply there to listen, invited everyone he had gathered to speak their minds and patiently held a pencil in his hand, occasionally jotting something down.

For hours, folk you read and hear and watch if you’re interested in politics and security talked exhaustively about militancy and terrorism and what they individually thought needed to be done.

Many talked about the counter-insurgency in Fata. Afghanistan was debated. The US was discussed. India was mentioned. Civil-military was analysed. Lack of resources, how to find those resources, how to build on existing resources, it was all parsed.

Collating all the thoughts and opinions voiced that afternoon it amounted to a fairly comprehensive and impressive action plan — if the state were ever to get serious about fighting the militants who are fighting it.

The political and military leadership knows it can happen again. It knows it can’t stop it from happening again.

One thing stood out though: there was no discussion of Punjab. It was not even mentioned. It was all TTP, Fata, KP, Karachi, Islamabad, bad militants, Afghan Taliban, Haqqanis even. But no Punjab.

Perhaps propriety dictated that, given the host that afternoon is the king of Punjab. But the topic was terrorism and how to make Pakistan safe and the host had urged a frank discussion. So, at the end, after everyone had spoken and no one had mentioned Punjab, I asked the prime minister about his province.

What’s the point in talking about militancy if the debate is limited to the fires that are already raging; what about Punjab, where everyone knows there’s a militancy presence bigger than Fata and KP combined and where the PML-N is known to be in bed with at least some militants?

That was the only time in those several hours that Nawaz became animated. He quickly and flatly denied any links between his party and Punjab-based militants and denied that Punjab has an outsize militancy problem. He didn’t need to.

The few ministers in attendance leapt to their boss and their province’s defence. Not true. No terrorism in Punjab. No such thing. No understanding with any militant groups. It’s all a lie. Everyone else at that table knew they were lying, possibly to themselves, certainly to us.

Another anecdote. From the Kayani era, an anecdote relevant still because it extends to the decisive, dashing Raheel era. The anecdote was narrated second-hand.

Gen K had invited a small group of civilian security experts for a chat. They were there to talk about the counter-insurgency in Fata and the spillover into the cities. At some point, one of the participants asked the general about Punjab.

Nothing you do in Fata or KP will matter as long as Punjab remains untouched, as long as Hafiz Saeed and his ilk are allowed to run around. The two zones are connected, you can’t fix one problem without addressing the other; why aren’t you dealing with Punjab, Gen K was asked.

As he was inclined to do when asked a difficult question, Gen K puffed on his cigarette, said nothing for a while and then quietly turned to address someone else. After the meeting though, Gen K pulled aside his guest who had asked about Punjab.

I was not avoiding your question, he said, I didn’t want to answer it in front of everyone else. Then, in typical Kayani style, he responded with a question of his own: do you want me to break the army, to fracture it by opening another front? I won’t allow that on my watch.

Not on my watch. There it was, an honest answer, given in private, the same answer that Nawaz would probably give in a private, honest moment. Not on my watch.

But things, awful, terrible things, do happen on their watch. We lived through one this week. Why, people ask, is that never enough to spur the political and military leadership into saying, enough. Never again. Not on my or anyone else’s watch.

Because bad things happening does not mean worse cannot happen. What the people don’t know, the political and military leadership does: better — politically and militarily better — to deal with the bad than to have to deal with the worse.

Most here have forgotten why Musharraf delayed action against Lal Masjid for six months in 2007 and what happened after the raid. Which is also why most here cannot understand why that odious man, Abdul Aziz, is allowed to mock the nation’s pain and threaten peaceful citizens gathered outside his mosque.

“If I am arrested the administration will not be able to control the protest rallies all over Pakistan. And if they kill me then there would be so many suicide attacks that it would surpass the reaction that followed the death of my brother, Abdul Rashid Ghazi,” that odious man, Abdul Aziz, threatened on Friday from inside his mosque.

Aziz was being honest. The political and military leadership knows that. That political and military leadership saw what happened after July 2007, when a wave of suicide bombings and fidayeen attacks that convulsed the country were traced back to anger over the Lal Masjid raid.

The political and military leadership knows it can happen again. The political and military leadership knows it can’t stop it from happening again. The political and military leadership does not want it to happen again, at least not on their watch.

Better then to keep Aziz onside, especially since he is willing to remain on the right side. Like so many in Punjab.

So it’s fear then? Weak leadership and a broken state? Not entirely.

Because you always have to wonder, of the men deployed to track Abdul Aziz’s ugly threats, how many are there to keep an eye on Aziz and how many to stand in prayer behind him?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, December 21st, 2014

On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play

Peshawar in state of permanent war

PESHAWAR was a muted, unfamiliar version of itself yesterday. The dusty, wintry provincial capital is a chaotic sight to behold most weekdays, even hours after some of the most devastating terrorist attacks in recent years. Life in Peshawar always goes on.

But yesterday was different. The winding Mall was deserted, as was the storied Qissa Khwani bazaar area. In the heart of the old city, stores were closed and the thin traffic navigated quietly past the small protests held at various intersections.

Where does Peshawar – and Pakistan itself – go from here? In Peshawar, few appeared to have answers, or at least answers with a glimmer of hope. There were tears aplenty and long, reflective silences. Most officials and politicians Dawn spoke to offered substantive comments only anonymously.

“What happened in Warsak (Road) was a conversation, an extreme conversation,” said a civilian official speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss security policy. “They are saying, ‘You pick up our people, you oust them from their homes, we’ll kill your people.’ We are militarising our problems, not solving them. This is a permanent war,” the official added.

After the multi-party conference, a Peshawar politician belonging to a major political party offered a similarly downcast assessment of the political class: “Nothing will come of this. They are all terrified. Nawaz Sharif never wanted this, not even Zarb-i-Azb. Imran Khan wanted only dialogue. And what’s Khursheed Shah going to do other than make statements?”

About Gen Raheel’s dash to Kabul, a security official said: “Afghans are going to demand a quid pro quo. We’ll show them one (intercepted militant) conversation, they’ll show us another. We’ll ask them for one thing, they’ll ask us for another. Are we ready to offer them something?”

With the problem of cross-border militancy having become bi-directional – elements of the TTP leadership are alleged to have found sanctuary along the Pak-Afghan border in eastern Afghanistan – the question appears to be whether the Pakistani state will use its influence over the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network to bring them to the negotiating table with the Afghan government.

At least one security official offered a mildly optimistic outlook. “Look, it will take a while for the new Afghan government to find its feet and for its policies to filter down through the system. In the meantime, have you heard the Afghan Taliban reject the very idea of talks with the new government? With Karzai they did, but so far there is silence,” the official claimed. That silence was offered as tacit evidence of an emerging Pakistani policy shift.

Curbing cross-border militancy into Pakistan though would still leave a massive militancy problem domestically. And few officials believe the state, either military or civilian wings, is resourced to eliminate even the militants it is fighting.

“The ISI is like a Mercedes. It can do things like play king’s games,” a civilian official said, citing the alleged establishment support for recent anti-government protests. “But out in the villages, on the ground, that’s where it struggles and just doesn’t have the resources to do these things.”

Meanwhile, in Peshawar, both officials and politicians cited problems with the leadership style of Inspector General Police Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Nasir Durrani that has limited the police’s efficacy.

“Durrani has demoralised the (Peshawar police) force. He is constantly shuffling SHOs, every couple of months, nobody knows why or what basis. That drains localised knowledge from the force,” a civilian official claimed.

Another official suggested that while the media savvy Durrani had burnished his reputation nationally with his anti-corruption crusade, the effects on the ground are more mixed. “Because of the complex disciplinary rules, the suspended or sacked officers are quickly reinstated. Sometimes, the sacked or disciplined officer is promoted or gets a better posting.”

More damagingly, Durrani is described as unable to adapt peacetime policing to what is effectively the frontline of a war zone. “When the planes (landing at Peshawar airport) were attacked, he made the police gather a profile of every resident in the take-off and landing zones. But the militants aren’t living there. They turn up suddenly at the periphery, fire their weapons and melt away. That’s where the focus was needed,” a Peshawar administrator said.

Peshawar will limp on from the Warsak Road carnage. But along with the cold a sense of resignation too appeared to have gripped the city last night. Peshawar knows it is caught in a war that may have no end.

Published in Dawn, December 18th, 2014

Will it ever end?

MAKE it stop. Someone make it stop. It has to stop, right? Right? It can’t go on forever. Or can it? Please no. Help. Someone — anyone — help.

The will-they-won’t-they-though-you-really-know-they-won’t-but-desperately-wish-they-would, Tweedledum-and-Tweedledee routine that has become the PML-N and PTI is enough to drive anyone loopy.

You can see the solution as clear as day: give them their damn investigation; get electoral reforms done; LET EVERYONE GET ON WITH THEIR LIVES. But also clear as day, you can see why that won’t happen.

When Imran climbs down, the N-League moves in for the kill, triggering a re-reaction from Imran that pushes the N-League into defensive mode, causing the PTI to stick out its chest and strut around until diminishing returns set in and the whole cycle starts all over again. It’s enough to make even the soulless weep.

Last week, Imran seemed foolish. He couldn’t even get his Plan C dates in order. This week, the PML-N reminded everyone that it has a dark, ugly side. Faisalabad happened. Then the Karachi contrast, with an assist by the PPP and the MQM, made the PML-N look even smaller and uglier.

So what about those talks scheduled to restart today? Even if the PML-N were inclined to do the right — hell, necessary — thing and get a judicial inquiry going into electoral malfeasance, the problem is an old one: fear.

When Imran climbs down, the N-League moves in for the kill, triggering a re-reaction from Imran.

To put it bluntly, the leadership believes that a special inquiry will be amenable to manipulation by the powers-that-be. And if you’re the N-League, you don’t really want to leave your fate in the hands of the powers-that-be.

There’s two parts to this. Historically, the judicial process has not worked out too well for the PML-N. The best it got was a reversal of the dissolution of the first Nawaz government, but that too only on paper — fresh elections were held soon enough.

Secondly, the third N-League government has already been handed more than a few surprises. On appointments. On Maryam. On Musharraf. Can it put everything on the line with a super commission empowered to look wherever, decide whatever? That may be a leap too far.

There’s more. Even if the N-League overcomes its scepticism, green-lights a super commission and then the super commission clears May 2013, some electoral mischief will inevitably be unearthed. At that point, can Imran be trusted?

He’s done it before, accepting May 2013 before turning around and firing in all directions, including at the judiciary.

If you’re the PML-N and you believe Imran’s goal is to be PM and that the powers-that-be’s goal is to knock you out, would you believe Imran will back down for good even if the super commission clears May 2013?

And if you don’t believe that, then why give him more ammunition, the dirt that will be dug up by a commission?

But there has to be a commission. Because Imran doesn’t look like he’s tiring. And while it’s cold now, the end of January, when Punjab starts to shrug off winter, is just six weeks away.

So how will this end? There are two options left. Either someone will step in and knock heads together or the PML-N leadership will realise that if it doesn’t act first someone else may eventually step in, and so will opt for a deal on its own terms.

The plausible brokers are the usual suspects: internally, the predominant player, the boys; externally, the US, UK, Saudi, UAE, some other Arab country, Turkey maybe. It’s a depressing thought. But have a look at Imran and Nawaz. Pretty depressing, no?

If that were not enough, the behind-the-scenes chatter suggests a government that often comes close to doing the right thing, but always gets cold feet.

Take the reshuffle. Some ministers were to be axed, others were notified of their elevation, the bureaucrat-PM Fawad Hassan was off to DC, the word went out that it was done, the winners even held mini-celebrations — and then nothing.

Or not quite nothing. There was a second meeting. A smaller one. And suddenly, just like that, the N-League reverted to type. Nawaz pulled a Nawaz and the bold decisions were put on hold.

It’s easy to guess what happened. He — Nawaz — can’t do it. He can’t sack the ones he needs to. Or he won’t sack them. Or they convinced him of their indispensability. But it’s his decision. It’s his choice. And he chose to delay it.

And if he can’t make one big decision, what does that say about his ability to make an even bigger one, giving the PTI a deal it can live with?

Switch to the other side. The PTI doesn’t need a deal. It can live without a deal. It may even prefer not to get a deal. Because getting a deal would mean Nawaz stays on. And if Nawaz stays on, Imran can’t be PM.

Plus, while Plan C has been no more effective than whatever the hell plans A and B were supposed to have been, Plan C has kept PTI and its crusade right at the centre of the national discourse. So the PTI is doing fine.

It’s the PML-N that needs something different. But if it can’t or won’t do a deal with the PTI, what could that something different be?

Watch the Musharraf space. Concessions there — not that Musharraf was the genesis of all of this — could suggest the end is nigh. For the PTI.

But don’t bet on it. Musharraf is personal. For Nawaz.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 14th , 2014

What strategy?

AND then folk wonder what was the point. As Nawaz runs around bleating about roads and miniwatts and the price of fuel, the big-boy stuff is back where it belongs: with the boys.

And boy, is it good to be the boys again. Raheel goes to the US and it’s the greatest thing ever. Security-based relationship it may be, but it’s all talk of convergence and thumping the new chief on the back and GETTING THINGS DONE.

Back home, the media and sections of the political class were falling over themselves to declare Raheel the GREATEST CHIEF EVER. Is it a bird, is it a plane, no, it’s… the chief!

There’s more: Raheel isn’t just playing the part and saying all the right things, he sounds like he means it too. The enemy is within! We’re going to get them all! New Afghanistan is possible! India will not provoke us!

So give him a chance? Sure. (Though it’s not like anyone’s asking.) Can he deliver? That’s much trickier.

Assume Raheel really means it. The boys are done playing games. No more good this and bad that, no more protectorates and shielded sort, no more security trumps everything, therefore the army must predominate.

OK, so he means it. Fata is retaken — eventually, KP is pacified — eventually, Karachi is defanged — eventually. Raheel may be long gone by then, but it’s him who’d get the credit for getting the ball rolling again.

But hang on a second, what was that going on in Lahore? Was that the pecking order being reasserted? Was Imran effectively being told, yeah, thanks for all your help, but we’ll take it from here?

For all their talk, the boys are silent on the original besties, the ones with fighting India and freeing Kashmir as their reasons for being.

For there was the JuD running around the provincial capital of the most politically important province in the land, acting as if it owned the city. All black and white flags with swords and speakers that could put a rock concert to shame.

On the very day that Imran was supposed to be using to try and topple the government again. Pause and think about that for a moment: the JuD, née LeT, had plans in Lahore to which the business of toppling a government had to take a back seat.

You can imagine the TTP muttering to itself, we wouldn’t have bothered with Fata if we had known we could have had Punjab.

And that’s the problem: for all their talk, the boys are silent on the original besties, the ones with fighting India and freeing Kashmir as their reasons for being.

Which leaves you and me having to figure out on our own what kind of Pakistan the chief has in mind when he says all militants will be eliminated, but in that very week Lahore is taken over by the JuD.

So, what’s going on?

There are three possibilities. The obvious is: they don’t see LeT — throw in the Hizb and Jaish and a few others — as a problem. Militancy only became a problem because a) indiscipline broke out and b) they turned their guns on us.

But the Kashmir folk are relatively disciplined and have no interest in biting the hand that feeds it. Because they’re a different category, because they don’t belong in the militancy column, there’s no point trying to conflate issues or confuse them. Flat-out denial, then, is one possibility.

Possibility two is that the silence is less because of affection and more because of confusion. If you cut them loose, then what? If you decapitate the leadership, what kind of other risks are you unleashing?

It may be easy enough to scoff at this option — we created the monster and the monster still heeds our every call and yet we try and pretend that we’re really scared of the monster — but it is worth exploring.

Because, while the world may be incredulous, the truth is that often our boys’ policies are rooted in fear, not the machismo we project.

Factor in the latest from India too. With Modi stamping his feet in India and eyeing a slice of the pie in Kashmir, the Kashmir folk here can’t be kept muzzled. For keep them muzzled now and they lose all their credibility. And there’s nothing quite like a militant group without credibility.

So even if the boys themselves wanted to keep them muzzled, now was not the time to push too hard. (Conversely, maybe some of the boys felt that by trotting out the proxies a dismissive Modi can be incentivised to act a little more humble.)

The third option is loopy, but with promise (if you’re not particularly perturbed by a right-wing Pakistan with roots in militancy): mainstream them. Encourage them to run around and market their appeal and simultaneously nudge them to get into the politics game.

They’re too big to ask them to wrap up and go home. They’re too organised to expect them to give it all up suddenly. They’ve got too wide a network to hope they’ll call it quits. So why not encourage them to redirect their energy? And there’s nothing like politics to dissipate energy.

See how that works? Militants with guns that are firing here get eradicated; militants with guns that are silent but pointed in the right direction get to go into politics. For everyone else, normality ensues. Who says the boys don’t have a plan?

Expect, if you look at the three options masquerading as plans, what we’re really left with is: denial, fear and flat-out crazy. Welcome back, boys.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn December 7th , 2014

Between hope and fear

IT’S Imran time in Islamabad. Again. Twice a year it’s happened this year, May 11, Aug 15, and nobody really believes it’ll be third time lucky — so what’s the hype all about?

Part of the answer: location. You want to bring down a government, you got to bring out people in Islamabad. Lahore is electric, Karachi intriguing, but it’s Isloo that matters in the surgical government toppling stakes.

Then there’s the memory of Aug 30 and Sept 1, the night and day the government teetered on the brink and only survived because Raheel chose not to pull the plug. Lesson from Aug 30, Sept 1: violence on Constitution Avenue isn’t like violence elsewhere, it can really shake things up.

And yet. And yet, throw in location, lesson, other stuff, throw all of it together and it still doesn’t amount to Imran getting any closer to this real goal, a two-stepper of exit Nawaz, enter, somehow, Imran.

Anything is possible here, but some things are less likely than others. So what’s most likely to happen today is:

­­– a large crowd will heed Imran’s call and turn up in the heart of Islamabad, possibly even a record-breaking crowd;

– Imran will have to offer the assembled crowd something new, so he’ll pull some kind of Imran-esque quasi-rabbit out of his hat, a crazy new scheme or grand new pronouncement in the mould of the abortive civil disobedience programme or stuck-in-limbo resignations from parliament;

– there may be a few moments of drama, with Imran suggesting the crowd may head into forbidden territory;

– nothing will happen; the crowd will go home; TV will natter on about historicity and meaning for a few days;

– the PTI protests will chug along, the government will limp along, everyone else will be left to wonder when it will all end.

The PTI is hostage to its leader’s ambition; the PML-N is hostage to its leadership’s fears.

The problem for Khan is obvious: the size of the crowd alone doesn’t determine the scale of the threat to the government. The most likely thing a big crowd, a huge crowd, even a record-breaking (for Isloo) crowd, would achieve is to temporarily re-energise the now desultory anti-government protests.

Because energy the PTI and Khan may have, but where are they going to go with it? Rewind to Aug 30/Sept 1. What pitched a tense situation into an alarming, violent one was the PAT, the Qadri goons. PTI may have joined in, PTI may have had enthusiasm, PTI may have caused some damage; but PTI were accomplices, not leaders.

Today, PTI will turn up in Islamabad alone. And, for all the verbal aggression that the PTI loves to flaunt, it doesn’t really have a cadre of loyal hooligans who’ll go into battle for their leader. In short, PTI doesn’t have a Gullu Butt brigade. Without PAT, the PTI is all bark and no bite. Bite means danger, risk. Bark means drama, histrionics. This place is used to digesting histrionics.

But then, why is the PML-N so obsessed with the PTI? Because as long as Imran is out there, running around, trying something, everything, probing, testing, sneering, railing, the PML-N senses danger.

Flip it around. If the goal was to hobble the government and steal its mandate, then it’s been mission accomplished for a while now. And yet Imran is still out there. Why is Imran still out there, the PML-N hawks are asking.

Could there then be a bigger goal, the one most outside the PML-N have now dismissed: the ouster of the government itself? The hawks are sure of it. They don’t believe the goal was to hobble; they believe decapitation was, is and will remain the goal. The goalposts haven’t shifted, the field has been lengthened, ie it’s a longer-term strategy than the smash-and-grab job it had looked like once.

From the outside looking in, you can see the problem: the PTI is hostage to its leader’s ambition; the PML-N is hostage to its leadership’s fears.

Imran wants to be PM, but he doesn’t know how to get Nawaz. But if success is elusive, defeat is guaranteed — if Imran stops. So Imran will try whatever, hype everything, promise anything, miss nothing — because, well, never say never.

A year ago, nobody would have thought August would have been possible. A decade ago, nobody would have thought the PTI would be fighting it out with the big boys one day. Heck, two decades ago, nobody thought the PTI could have existed.

The only way you lose is if you stop playing the game — and Khan seems to believe the obviously untrue. Hope has met reality many a time and in many a place before and rarely has it ended well for hope. But who’s going to tell Imran that?

Over in the N-League, fear has overcome reality. Like Imran’s hope, it’s not completely made up. If you were the victim, a thrice victim in the toxic world of politics here, would you really believe knee-capping was the extent of the plan and not decapitation?

So, what others may call obsession, the PML-N thinks is focus. If they had not reacted so furiously and focused so ferociously, the enemy would have won by now, the N-League believes. Survival, for the PML-N, is not a function of the enemy’s bad plan or poor execution; it is the N-League’s resolute defence that has got them this far.

And so, between the ambition of Imran and the fear of Nawaz, the rest of us continue to be trapped.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 30th , 2014

Nov 3: still a raw wound

IT does have a nice ring to it: general, judge, politician, technocrat. Had a bureaucrat been tossed in, the roll of dishonour would have been complete — the groups that have conspired over the decades to derail democracy.

But the list is complete enough to scatter to the winds the government’s intentions: it’s no longer the ‘Musharraf court’ or the ‘Musharraf trial’; now, it’s going to have to be something much bigger and much nastier.

And bigger and nastier is exactly what the Musharraf team has been angling for. Because they know there’s only one verdict a Musharraf trial can bring: guilty.

Read: Special court partially okays trial of Musharraf's abettors

Not because the process is rigged or the court is stacked against Musharraf, but because what Musharraf did on Nov 3, 2007, was illegal and unconstitutional and no rational process can find otherwise.

Musharraf’s defence team really had only two options: get him out of the country somehow or draw out the trial process. Now, the special court has given them some of the latter, but not what the Musharraf team really wanted.

The maximum that the Musharraf team wanted is summed up by the court in Friday’s order: “In view of the inherent defect in filing the present complain and on account of inconclusiveness of the Investigation, the complaint should be returned back to the competent authority for ordering de-novo investigation to be conducted by an impartial team of investigators.”

Musharraf’s lawyers wanted the trial scrapped, the charges dropped and for a fresh investigation to be conducted — essentially, back to the stage at which a political decision is made whether to permit an investigation that would determine which charges are to be filed and whether a trial is to be held.

There is no explanation given for why the majority judges thought it would be unjust to order a reinvestigation.

And in wanting events rolled back to the political stage of the process, the Musharraf team’s hope was obvious: at that point, wiser, ie pro-Musharraf, counsel would prevail on the government to forget the idea of a trial and Musharraf would be a free man again.

But the Musharraf team didn’t get that. Instead, the court said two things: “The entire approach adopted in the conduct of investigation process supports the argument advanced by the counsel for the accused that the investigation was deficient and unfair.” And then: “It would not be just to order reinvestigation at this stage.”

That, on the face of it, is quite bizarre. There is no explanation given for why the majority judges thought it would be unjust to order a reinvestigation — a situation all the more remarkable when the original investigation has all but been declared deficient and unfair.

Also read: Gen Musharraf’s second coup

So we have to connect the dots somehow, to try and understand what’s going on and what it all adds up to.

The backstory is critical: the ouster of the Iftikhar Chaudhry-led superior judiciary in November 2007 haunts the judiciary. It is the one thing that all judges agree on: what happened on Nov 3 was a terrible thing and it should never be allowed to happen again.

And from that resolve have flowed some of the most strident judgments in the country’s judicial history — judgments that at times seemed to flirt with the limits of what the courts can, or should, do.

Even the very fact that Musharraf is on trial and the crime he stands accused of is partly because of the superior judiciary: it was activism in 2013 by then chief justice Chaudhry that gave impetus to talk of putting Musharraf on trial for treason for the Nov 3 Emergency and the ouster of judges.

It’s not hard to see why the superior judiciary sees Nov 3 as an unforgivable abomination: it was a coup aimed at them. Previously, the judiciary was essentially collateral damage in coups aimed at politicians. On Nov 3, the target was the judiciary itself.

So everyone who engineered that crime must pay. The PCO-II judges already have. Musharraf is on trial. Abdul Hameed Dogar is seen as a villain for trying to grab the top slot for himself. Zahid Hamid is seen as a villain for drafting the notifications that led to some judges being sent home, others retained and new ones inducted.

Shaukat Aziz does seem the odd man out. But you can’t get the others — Hamid and Dogar — without roping him in too. Shaukat may rightly be looking at Kayani with envy.

Also read: Shaukat Aziz may be summoned to verify his advice on emergency

But why delay the Musharraf trial and possibly complicate it fatally? Is not Musharraf the arch-villain in the piece?

Possibly because a Musharraf-only trial is seen for what it is: Nawaz settling a score, getting revenge for 1999 by acting on 2007. Why should the judiciary help Nawaz settle his own score, instead of getting justice for the wrongs done to it in November 2007?

There is a particularly telling portion in Friday’s order: “We are of the firm view that the object and the purpose with which the Proclamation of Emergency of 3rd November, 2007, the Provisional Constitution Order No 1 of 2007 and Oath of Office (Judges) Order, 2007 were not realised merely by the issuance of three instrument but was realised with the replacement of the then serving Chief Justice of Pakistan.”

More than suspending the Constitution and being a dictator, Musharraf’s real crime seems to have been to attack the judiciary on Nov 3. It’s a fascinating insight into judicial minds.

The government seems not to have realised that the shadow of Iftikhar Chaudhry looms large over the judiciary and the wounds of Nov 3 are still raw.

The government can still get Musharraf, but the price has been raised: we’ll give you what you want, if you’ll give us what we want — your move, Prime Minister.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The PML-N’s best friend

PARLIAMENT saved democracy. No, the opposition saved democracy. No, the government saved its own skin. No, the script writers balked. No, Qadri and Imran failed.

Everyone’s got a theory. But few want to state the obvious. There is one — and only — reason we still have an elected government and parliament: Raheel Sharif didn’t want to take over.

The general’s Kayani moment came on Aug 30. Mayhem had broken out. The government had lost all control. TV screens were filled with smoke. Constitution Avenue was burning.

Imran may be the greatest gift the PML-N has ever received — once it became clear Raheel wasn’t going to take over.

If he had wanted to, on that one night, on Aug 30, Raheel could have become the fifth dictator in the long and ignominious history of this country. Raheel chose not to. And all the squabbling and yammering and arrest-warranting in the world will not change that fact.

There is a corollary: these decisions — like the one not to take over — are not revisited every few weeks or even months. Barring something catastrophic or staggeringly unexpected, Raheel’s decision is done.

That fact and corollary also present opportunities for others. For the PML-N, it knows a military takeover isn’t on the cards. Which, if you’re the PML-N, ie petty and personal, means you can sock it to the enemy.

So now we’re stuck with this awfulness of the anti-terror persecution of Imran and his buddies. There is nothing — nothing in the world — terroristic about what happened on Constitution Avenue on Aug 30.

Crimes were committed. Parliament was nearly desecrated. The law was broken. But they were political crimes and every single one of those crimes could be investigated and prosecuted without recourse to special investigators or special laws.

So what is the PML-N up to? Why this, why now? In a word, or two rather: Nov 30. They don’t want a massive crowd in Islamabad, like Imran has pulled in elsewhere.

A big crowd in Isloo would not be the end of this government. A big crowd in Isloo would not reignite Imran’s fading challenge. But a big crowd would irritate the N-League. And that, quite depressingly, is why we are here: national politics reduced to what pisses off a federal government.

On to some of the stuff the government should be doing. The N-League is on a PR blitz. Things are happening on the energy front. Affordable electricity will be ours by the time the next election rolls around. Load-shedding will be manageable. Pakistan will be bright again.

But the PML-N has got nothing — nothing close to what they claim anyway. Three countries Nawaz has been to in recent days. And the most amusing — you gotta laugh because the alternative is, well, so much darker — of stories are circulating in Isloo.

All those energy deals? So desperate is the N-League to get things signed that it’s taken to trying to cart Pakistanis abroad to sign local deals in third countries. Y’know, for optics — cause it looks bad if the PM is running around trying to drum up investment abroad and nothing real gets signed.

And all those important meetings abroad with high-profile hosts and serious agendas? Amusingly, some very relevant Isloo-based folk didn’t even bother to make the trip — so pointless, photo-op-ed and last minute were the trips.

Essentially, Nawaz can force his A-team to go along because, well, he’s the boss — the other side of the table though doesn’t have to take any of it seriously.

The truly depressing thing about electricity is not the scale of the problem — but just how seriously the government had taken it, and still achieved nothing.

Remember that long ago time, the halcyon days of the PML-N’s third term, when the honeymoon was still on, the distant summer and autumn of 2013?

Remember how Nawaz didn’t do anything but work on energy, holed up in day-long meetings with his energy advisers?

Remember how Nawaz got that May 2013 was essentially a referendum on electricity — the reason the PPP got walloped and the electorate chose the safe, competent hands of the PML-N over the mercurial, untested hands of the PTI?

Well, many have forgotten. And the PML-N would prefer it stayed that way. Because the longer this silliness of — and now with — the PTI continues, a dirty little secret will remain unspoken, unheard and unrecognised: the PML-N was out of its depth, not up to the task of fixing Pakistan, long before Imran turned up the heat.

The N-League had no plan when it took office. After a bit, a very short bit, it became apparent it didn’t have the capacity to develop a plan. A bit after that, it became apparent that it didn’t have the will to develop a plan. And a little bit after that, it became apparent that it didn’t have the urgency to find the will to develop the capacity to have a plan.

Imran has made everyone forget that. Imran changed the topic. Imran made it about silly stuff rather than the deep, structural and continuing problems of the state and the PML-N’s inability to fix any of it.

Imran may be the greatest gift the PML-N has ever received — once it became clear Raheel wasn’t going to take over.

No investment? Blame Imran. No electricity? Blame the dharna. No capital metro bus? Blame Imran. No policy? Blame the dharna. No vital appointments? Blame Imran.

Had Imran not happened, folk would have started to figure out the PML-N doesn’t know how to fix Pakistan or doesn’t want to. And re-election would have been in jeopardy.

So the longer this drags out, the more you have to wonder: does the PML-N really want Imran to go away?

Because if Imran goes away, there’ll be no one left to blame.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 16th, 2014

The old and the new

UP and down, good and bad, old and new, it’s been another one of those weeks. So let’s get right to it.

Blasphemy is bad news. Worse — horribly so — for those at the sharp end of it. But, for all the wailing and gnashing of teeth and beating of chests, the blasphemy issue isn’t going anywhere.

Reason A is the one few like to talk about, and that some may only vaguely be aware of: the blasphemy issue is not a Taliban cause; it, in large part, flows from the radicals among the so-called moderates, the otherwise warm and fuzzy and likeable Barelvis.

Which kinda complicates things, even though everyone knows reductionism is so much sexier. It complicates things because the principal agitators on blasphemy pre-date the Taliban, and Zia too. And everyone knows that all that ails this country on the religion front flows from Zia and the Taliban.

But the Taliban are usually quiet on blasphemy. Ever hear one of their ever-changing spokesmen talk about blasphemy or cheer on the killers? Not really. Not surprising either.

Blasphemy victims are disproportionately the marginalised: often poor, mostly the wrong denomination and always vulnerable.

The scholars can explain the intricacies, but, loosely, it comes down to denominational differences in focus and emphasis in some areas, like intercession.

So what do you do when you realise you’ve got a big religion problem and it has little to do with the Taliban? You don’t talk about it.

But not talking about it doesn’t mean it doesn’t have its own, quirky effects. When blasphemy is in the news, the so-called moderate Muslim faction gets a boost. It becomes more visible. And that doesn’t sit well with the Taliban.

So the T tend to do something to grab the headlines back. Which leaves the rest of us that much less safe.

Reason B the issue isn’t going away is the victims are disproportionately the marginalised: often poor, mostly the wrong denomination and always vulnerable.

The deaths don’t threaten the mainstream guy. Y’know, the privileged fella the system is built for and serves to protect. When the mainstream guy, the chap at the centre of the system, feels threatened, the system responds.

But the ugly truth is the system is working — if you happen to be the right kind of Pakistani. As long as a certain kind of privileged Pakistani isn’t being attacked and doesn’t really fear being attacked — unless he happens to be a human rights crusader — the system doesn’t need to swing into action and correct a perversion.

In the meantime, everyone else just has to suck it up — and hope that a blasphemy arrow doesn’t come screaming in their direction.

On to happier news. The Supreme Court is finding its mojo again. Under Chaudhry, the court roared too much; since Chaudhry, it has purred too much. The new CJ was rumoured to be aware of the problem, but reluctant to turn the court into a bully pulpit.

So they found the right issue: Chief Election Commissioner. It played the right way in the news — Supreme Court orders the government and parliament to do its job — without really overstepping constitutional separation of powers — all the court really threatened was to withdraw the SC judge on deputation as acting CEC.

And look how it worked. Suddenly, the PM found time to meet the leader of the opposition. It was supposed to take months. Electoral reforms needed to be debated first. So much consultation and talking, so much talking, had to be done first.

But then a gentle nudge — or, sometimes, a kick in the rear — can make all manner of things happen, quickly.

The particularly good bit is the effect it’s had on the PTI. Consultation between the PM and the leader of the opposition on appointing the CEC also means the leader of the opposition has to consult the other parties in parliament — something the PTI seems to have accepted it still is by sitting down with Khursheed Shah.

See how that worked: court, rightly, nudged government; government, belatedly, swung into action; the, unexpected, action left PTI with a choice: either sit on the sidelines and be irrelevant or be pragmatic and influence the appointment process; the PTI, smartly, chose the latter.

Rules, democracy, the Constitution and the law of unintended consequences — it’s not such a bad combination sometimes, is it?

Finally, the boys got all wound up this week over a Pentagon report to Congress. The Pakistan bit was just four paragraphs buried deep inside the 100-page report on Afghanistan updated every six months.

The language was largely the same as the April version, but someone slipped in two new phrases: “proxy forces” and “India’s military superiority”. That’s about as big a red rag as you can wave at the boys.

Add the takedown of pro-Pakistan — pro-boys, even — Robin Raphel in DC and it’s enough to stir dark thoughts about a fresh squeeze on Pakistan being in the works.

Except, maybe not. American policy towards Pakistan is undergoing a subtle shift, spurred by the not-so-subtle drawdown in Afghanistan. But with little leverage and even less of an appetite to find more, the US, more narrowly the White House, seems to believe that Pakistan should be left to stew in its own juices.

Call us if you need us, we’ll do what we can — until then, we’re going to look at other options and relationships in the region. Think of it as benign neglect or watchful disregard.

Word has it Raphel’s last visit to Pakistan in October was to warn of much of the same: mid-term elections may further jeopardise non-mil aid. And that was before the Republican wave.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Analysis: Diplomat in trouble

ONE evening in early October, Robin Raphel was the guest of honour at an elegant dinner hosted by a prominent Islamabad couple. In attendance were members of the capital’s elite: senior government officials, parliamentarians, development sector representatives, figures from the foreign policy and security establishment, diplomats, and a smattering of journalists. Most of the guests had known Ms Raphel for years, some for decades, and the atmosphere was cordial and relaxed.

So well known and popular in Pakistani circles is Ms Raphel, a retired senior US diplomat who was an adviser on Pakistan to the AfPak special representative until earlier this month, that the evening’s host later remarked, “People complain when they find out she was in town and didn’t get a chance to meet her.” It was, then, with some shock that news of Ms Raphel being the subject of an FBI “counterintelligence investigation”, according to The Washington Post, rippled through Islamabad policy circles on Friday.

Friends of Ms Raphel rallied to defend her reputation. “She practised Diplomacy 101. Developing an empathy for the country [Pakistan] while remaining loyal to hers. Making friends and relationships that endured. A true professional,” said Maleeha Lodhi, who has known Ms Raphel for over two decades.

“She’s what you would call a Pakistan perennial. She had insights into Pakistan in ways others didn’t,” according to Sherry Rehman, who has also known Ms Raphel for many years.

“She was the go-to person behind the scenes when it came to troubleshooting in the Pak-US relationship,” said Daniyal Aziz, a PML-N MNA and long-time friend of Ms Raphel. “You can get an idea of how effective she is as a voice on Pakistan when you hear what the Indians say about her,” Mr Aziz continued.

Yet, for all the access and goodwill Ms Raphel has cultivated in her decades-long relationship with Pakistan, her impact on Pakistan policy debates in the US is more ambiguous. In her last job, as senior adviser to the US Special Representative on Afghanistan and Pakistan, Ms Raphel helped oversee non-military aid to Pakistan, effectively the five-year, $7.5bn Kerry-Lugar aid package that will expire next year.

Speaking on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorised to speak publicly, a senior official at a major development organisation characterised Ms Raphel’s tenure thus:

“She was not very effective in the US State Department in terms of getting things done. But she was very effective in communicating messages, especially that US aid should be directed towards big projects instead of sprinkling it across smaller ones.”

The senior development official specifically cited the Diamer-Bhasha dam, opposed by India and only reluctantly endorsed by the IFIs, and CASA-1000, the energy corridor spanning the Kyrgyz Republic, Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Pakistan, as projects that Ms Raphel had championed — and achieved some success in nudging forward.

But Ms Raphel’s engagement with Pakistan extended into spheres well outside non-military aid and it was here that her work, as well as results, is even murkier. With high-level access to Pakistani security establishment circles, Ms Raphel is believed to have acted — or tried to position herself — on occasions as a conduit between the US administration and the Pakistani military and as a conciliatory voice on overall US policy towards Pakistan.

Critics though downplayed Ms Raphel’s role outside her official job description. “She was not at all in the centre of policy things,” remarked a senior diplomat who has worked with Ms Raphel and spoke on the condition of anonymity.

Another diplomat, also speaking on the condition of anonymity, offered this assessment: “She was never a big policy person and had perhaps a naive streak. You can think of her role as the chief reassurance officer: she was seen in DC as the person representing an old pattern of engagement [between the US and Pakistan]. But there are fewer takers now, especially in the White House.”

That view of a sympathetic-to-Pakistan Raphel is echoed in Washington DC. Marvin Weinbaum, a Pakistan expert at the Middle East Institute who has known Ms Raphel for four decades, said: “Her policy relevance may have declined but not her reputation. Publicly, Robin is known to regularly express views that could be described as sensitive of Pakistan’s interests.”

For now though most of Ms Raphel’s supporters and friends are hoping the FBI investigation will clear her name. “At times, US investigators can be overly zealous when it comes to possible security-issues breaches. Until formal charges are filed, if they are, and we’ve heard her side, I and others will be very careful not to pass judgement,” Mr Weinbaum said.

Published in Dawn, November 8th , 2014

The resignation game

When politicians argue over the minutiae of the law, you can bet what they’re really squabbling about is politics.

It is not — and should not be — that hard to quit parliament. The procedure in place is meant to safeguard against a different kind of resignation: the forced variety.

But not the forced variety that the PML-N is alleging; the procedure in place is to prevent a party from trying to get rid of an MNA the party is unhappy with for some or the other illegitimate reason.

The PML-N is not trying to bribe PTI MNAs into staying in parliament. But the PML-N knows that few of the PTI MNAs really want to quit.

Yes, the PTI — Imran, really — is unhappy with several of its MNAs: the ones who aren’t resigning. But Imran isn’t trying to get any of the defiant MNAs chucked out of parliament, so what’s the problem?

Back to politics. To begin with, there are several categories of PTI MNAs.

Also read: Fate of PTI resignations remains undecided as deadline passes

The electables Imran roped in last year know the cardinal rule of electoral politics: never leave the field open to your opponent. For constituency politicians, quitting your seat and sitting on the sidelines is a form of political suicide.

They aren’t happy to be quitting. Some have point-blank refused to. But some are quitting because, well, they are gambling that sticking with Imran will keep them in the electoral game.

Then there are the one-off MNAs, the ones who won because Imran was the Great Pakistani Hope in May 2013 and it was his popularity that carried them to unexpected wins.

They too aren’t thrilled about being asked to quit, but their stars are hitched to Imran’s and where he goes, they must follow.

After them are the troublemakers: the PTI MNAs who didn’t win. The chaps who lost in 2013 are the ones with the most to gain by getting PTI to quit parliament.

Anything that remotely looks like it could force another general election and give the PTI losers another bite at the MNA apple is worth trying.

Also read: Acceptance of PTI resignations may lead to mid-term polls: leaders

And after the troublemakers are the few — the very, very, very few — who are willing to give the boss the benefit of the doubt because, well, he’s the boss and it doesn’t make sense to question a man who is arguably the country’s most famous politician and carried a non-party to a second-place finish just last year.

In none of those categories is there an actual MNA resignation that can — or should — be delayed. But none of the PTI MNAs stand formally resigned yet.

Enter the PML-N.

The PML-N is not, as the PTI is alleging, really trying to bribe PTI MNAs into staying in parliament. But the PML-N knows that few of the PTI MNAs really, really want to quit.

So why not delay the process and see if something changes, whether internally or externally for the PTI, to make Imran change his mind?

You can see why the PML-N would prefer the PTI remain in the assembly rather than opt out.

Legality and constitutionality of the present parliament notwithstanding, a National Assembly without the party that polled the second-highest number of votes in the general election would erode the political legitimacy of parliament.

But, as with everything PML-N of late, you can’t help but feel that it’s less strategy and more smallness that’s driving the PML-N’s political responses. Because Imran wants the PTI to quit, the PML-N is determined to make it as difficult as it can for the PTI to quit.

Maybe if Imran had said he wanted the PTI to stay in parliament and fight the system from inside, the PML-N would have jeered Imran and tried to hound him into withdrawing the PTI from parliament.

If Imran wants it, the PML-N will oppose it; if Imran dreams it up, the PML-N will shoot it down — that’s what the PML-N seems to have reduced itself to.

Ultimately, what’s really the problem for the PML-N if 25 or so by-elections are held in a couple of months’ time in constituencies vacated by the PTI?

Every single one of those seats is in the PTI column right now. If the PTI wins back every single one of those seats, via independent candidates backed by the party, it would only go back to its present position in parliament.

Also read: ‘ECP has nothing to do with PTI resignations’

But if the PTI were to lose even a few of those seats, it would look like the party and Imran’s popularity are down. Plus, the provincial breakdown of the PTI seats — just a handful in Punjab, but a big chunk in KP — skews things against the PTI.

Lose a few seats in KP, home to the only PTI government, and the party would look like it’s in trouble with the electorate; win again all its seats in Punjab and they’d still be too few to argue the PML-N is in real trouble.

Also, they are only by-elections; people forget about them quickly enough. Anyone outside NA-149 still talking about Hashmi’s defeat?

And fate has anyway got a little surprise in store for the PTI: the Senate elections next March. The KP assembly will get to elect 11 senators — the same KP Assembly where the PTI has already defied Imran. You can’t imagine them giving up on a chunk of 11 juicy senatorships quite so easily.

Which would take the PTI into the upper house for the first time, offsetting its official absence from the lower house.

So let the PTI quit now and just get on with it? Maybe not — Imran would still be running around the country denouncing parliament.

But if the PML-N isn’t letting the PTI quit, it seems gloriously unconcerned with giving the PTI MNAs something to convince Imran they should stay.

And so, on and on — and on some more — the endless tale of PML-N v PTI goes.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, November 2nd, 2014

Report card time

ONE down, one to go — and the PML-N is already trying to limp back to life. Because it’s the PML-N, limping back is already beginning to look like the sleepwalking that got it — and the rest of us — in the mess it’s in to begin with.

To begin with, the PML-N — really, the Prime Minister’s Office — has come up with the idea of ministerial performance evaluations. Tough criteria have been issued, the meetings will be exhaustive, there won’t be anywhere to hide.

Believe it when you see it.

It’s not that Nawaz has done anything fundamentally wrong on the governance front; it’s that he’s done few things right.

In the meantime, we can have a little bit of fun. Performance evaluations and report cards for ministers, but not for the boss? Surely not.

The boss’s boss is technically the electorate, but then if we did things technically out here, Nawaz wouldn’t be resorting to the gimmick of ministerial self-evaluations.

So, 16 months into a five-year term as a third-time prime minister, how has Nawaz done?

Don’t laugh. Yeah, OK, laugh — it may be the only medicine we have.

Right. Now on to the more serious bit. How has Nawaz really done?

Rewind to May 2013. There were four big issues that Nawaz was going to be judged against, three dictated by the nature of the system and the present milieu and one of his own choosing.

One, the democratic project. Two, civ-mil. Three, militancy. Four, India.

Start with the democratic project. That we still have a democracy at all is, indirectly, also a measure of how poorly Nawaz has done on this front.

It’s not that Nawaz has done anything fundamentally wrong on the governance front; it’s that he’s done few things right.

The big miss has been reforms. When talking reforms, the silly tends to dominate the serious here. Realistically, a five-year PM can pick two or three areas for reforms and will probably succeed at one.

With so much to fix — police, bureaucracy, judiciary, education, health, economy and on and on — it matters which areas are picked and prioritised. But Nawaz’s failure has been a step prior: reforms aren’t part of his agenda at all.

While nothing systemic could have been fixed in 16 months and most meaningful reforms would only begin to produce dividends years after 2018, the first 16 months have set the tone: nothing structural or deep-rooted will be attempted.

And without reforms, the rest is basically about propping up a broken system. Unhappily, that’s what Nawaz seems both content with and focused on. He’s also reasonably good at it, ie propping up a broken system, which is why the problem at the top.

It’s not that Nawaz has done anything fundamentally wrong on the governance front; it’s that he’s done few things right.

Grade: C

On to civ-mil. Yeah, we could skip straight to the grade section. But it is still baffling, on both sides. On the mil side of the equation, the bafflement — for us, not the boys — is why the implosion when Nawaz hasn’t been able to get away with anything.

Since when has civ-mil become about what the civs may want to do rather than what they can actually achieve? It is genuinely baffling, at least to the outsider.

Equally baffling: why did Nawaz pick the Musharraf fight in this way and at this time? No, really. Whatever psychobabble you throw at it, it still doesn’t quite add up.

Probably, all that can be said about civ-mil is that it’s hyphenated for a reason: the inscrutable deserve each other, and that’s what we’ve been seeing again.

Grade: D

Next up, militancy. Nawaz had said very little about militancy before May 2013 and soon enough it became apparent why: he had appeasement in mind.

But it was neither the truly opportunistic or wickedly ideological appeasement that has been served up by other quarters. It was a lazy, desultory kind of appeasement: talk to the Taliban because we don’t really know what else to do and haven’t cared enough to think through the problem.

The Jan 29 speech in parliament by Nawaz epitomised the intellectual laziness and lack of clarity. Remember how the bulk of that address seemed to be leading up to the announcement of a military operation before, bizarrely, concluding with the announcement that talks was the policy after all?

Now, the PML-N doesn’t even pretend to have anything to do with anti-terror and anti-militancy policy.

Grade: D

India. Oh India. Remember how once upon a time Nawaz got it? That India was the game-changer?

Nawaz may still like to believe that he stills gets it, but ask yourself this: had he shown the same stubbornness on India that he has on Musharraf, how much of his way could he have got?

The trade-deal collapse in March epitomised the broad sweep of failure: diplomatically, politically and civ-mil-ly. It was a deal based on assumptions, with none of the careful strategising and heavy-lifting that such deals demand.

Whether it was an outright veto by the boys — could they not have been brought in the loop earlier? — or because of a hasty retreat thanks to Modi — doesn’t look like such a good idea now, does it? — the trade deal was precisely the kind of issue that Nawaz had been expected to handle better — an expectation borne of his own decision to keep the defence and foreign portfolios for himself in June 2013.

Expectations raised, expectations dashed — all by Nawaz, and all before Modi.

Grade: C

The overall grade? Somewhere between a C and D.

That it’s not an F is only because it’s still an interim grade, ie he’s still prime minister. But even that, how much of it is down to Nawaz himself?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 26th, 2014

The M word

YOU already know what’s going to happen next. Silly season will be upon us and the M word will be hawked around again.

Once Imran took his show on the road, others were always going to follow. Politics had been reduced to Punjab and a two-man show — Imran and Nawaz — so a little noise from the sidelines was going to happen.

Now that the noise is here courtesy a still wet-behind-the-ears Bilawal and a decrepit PPP, politics can be spun as in ferment again. Rallies everywhere, a vague sense of expectation in the air, a desultory government — the chattering will begin anew: could there be mid-term elections after all?

Ah, but you’re thinking, rallies do not an election make. And you’re right. But silly season has rules of its own. So we may as well get a jump on it.

As with everything politics, there is a good way of going about things and a bad way.

There wasn’t — and still isn’t — any reason mid-elections should be held simply because Imran has been demanding it. But neither is there any legal or constitutional bar to mid-term elections. It comes down to politics.

And as with everything politics, there is a good way of going about things and a bad way. The good, system-enhancing route to mid-term elections would be if someone, say, a super tribunal or that Supreme Court-led inquiry commission which has gone nowhere so far, were to document and reveal systematic flaws in the May 2013 polls.

The bad, system-diminishing route to mid-term elections would be if the PML-N pulled another PML-N. Essentially, if the PML-N shoots itself in the foot and democracy in the face by seeing the diminishing threat of the Imran and Qadri protests as an opportunity to land a punch or two.

Like the N-League did with Qadri a couple of days after Zarb-i-Azb was launched. Also known as the Model Town incident. You’d think the PML-N would have learned by now, but the only thing that seems certain with the PML-N is that old habits die hard.

There is a third option, the one that would neither destroy the system nor particularly enhance it: a National Assembly-only election.

Leave the provincial assemblies in place — PPP in Sindh, PTI in KP, PML-N in Punjab, nationalists in Balochistan — and fight it out at the centre. A quirky, ad hoc solution to a quirky, ad hoc problem imposed by Imran and Qadri.

National Assembly-only elections would still leave everyone a winner at the provincial level while settling the problem at the centre for the next three years, at which point the assemblies could sync again in a general election.

Not that the PML-N would ever admit it — and it would certainly resist the idea fiercely were it ever to come to that — but a mid-term election is the only obvious way for the party to recover its mandate.

The political capital reaped in May 2013 by the PML-N is over — whether it was the party’s own doing, the anti-democrats’ viciousness or Imran and Qadri’s fierceness matters little now.

What does matter is that the PML-N’s policy space has shrunk violently and the only obvious way to recover some of that space is fresh endorsement by the voting public. Else, it’s limping on and muddling through all the way to 2018.

But if the PML-N won’t bite at even a National Assembly-only election, how can Imran force Nawaz into an election?

The obvious route is via the PPP. Assured of success in Sindh, the PPP is in terminal decline in Punjab. The party has no message, the party has no appeal and the party will haemorrhage candidates in Punjab if elections happen in far-away 2018.

Wait and face near-certain extinction in Punjab — and as goes Punjab, so goes Islamabad — or scramble now and fight a rearguard action to hang on to as many battered candidates and beleaguered voters as the PPP can.

Of course, even in this fantastical realm of a joint putsch by PTI and PPP against PML-N, everything would turn on what Zardari decides. So far Asif still looks like he prefers the devil he knows — Nawaz — to the devil he doesn’t — Imran.

Still, chatter knows no logic, so further in we can wade.

A mid-term, National Assembly-only election happens. Maybe it happens because N-League did something staggeringly stupid or because a super commission paved the way for it or because PTI found a partner in the PPP to force an election.

Now what? The tables turn. Twenty-thirteen was Nawaz’s election to lose; mid-terms will be an election Imran has to win.

The unexpected can happen — no one, not even Nawaz, thought PML-N would win an outright majority in May 2013 — but so fiercely contested is Punjab now that it’s hard to imagine either PTI or PML-N sweeping a mid-term election.

Which would take us back to the pre-May 2013 spectre of a hung parliament. Three big players — PTI, PML-N and PPP — with two needed to form a government.

Zardari could do a switcheroo, forcing an election against the PML-N’s wishes and then going for a new government together. But what would that do for the country?

Or the PTI and PPP could rope in all the other bits and pieces in parliament and form a national government minus the PML-N. But what would that do for the country?

In either case, the answer would be, nothing.

Little will change without an election; little may change with an election. But silly season looks imminent. The M word will get a lot of airing. So we may as well have got a jump on it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 19th, 2014

Malala juxtaposed

YOU can’t help but smile when you watch her and listen to her. She doesn’t just get it; she is it. The embodiment of an idea. And what an excellent idea it is.

What Malala says and what Malala wants is for you to be free. To have a choice and the right to exercise that choice. Freedom, choice, rights — it can all sound so philosophical and esoteric and ivory tower-ish.

Malala simplifies it. You listen to her and you immediately figure out what she’s saying is a very good idea — because it’s what makes her her. Thoughtful, compassionate, smart. And who doesn’t want to be that? Who wouldn’t want to be Malala?

Ah, yes, the haters. They hate her because they don’t understand her. And in hating her, they prove her point: freedom, choice, rights — we can all do with a little more of them.

Malala simplifies it. You listen to her and you immediately figure out what she’s saying is a very good idea.

Some of the haters do get it though. They know what she is saying, they understand it — and they know how dangerous it is. That’s why they put a bullet in her head.

If Malala is an idea, so are the Taliban. And in that battle of ideas, much as it’s obvious that Malala is on the right side — on our side — it’s hard to believe that her idea is winning here.

But that makes her fight all the more worth fighting. God bless her and may God save us.

On to less edifying wars. Kashmir flared up again this week. Pakistan was aggrieved, India was furious, a bunch of people died, no one will tell us what really happened.

Where do we go from here?

Peace — nay, normalisation — between the two will only come when four constituencies line up: the two publics and the two states.

You need the Indian public and the Indian state to be in sync on normalising ties with Pakistan and simultaneously you need the Pakistani public and the Pakistani state to be in sync on normalisation with India.

Lining those up is the hardest thing. Somehow, when the two states are in sync on normalisation, one or the other of the publics is out of sync. Or when the publics are in sync, one or the other of the states balks.

Right now, of the four, it’s probably only the Pakistani public that tentatively — tentatively — is on the side of normalisation.

The other three don’t really seem interested and that could end up chipping away at the Pakistani public’s tentative wish to see normalisation achieved.

Because it’s hard to want peace when the other side is on the warpath. Of course, it’s possible to explain why India is so bellicose and Pakistan seemingly conciliatory.

As the smaller state with the naughtier non-state options, Pakistan can afford to sound reasonable in its official pronouncements. As the bigger state with greater ambitions and fewer options, India needs to sound fierce and intimidating.

Both states know this and it’s a game they’ve learned to play well. It doesn’t change the basic configuration though: four constituencies on two sides that never quite align. And right now, they look set to drift further out of sync for a while.

On to even less edifying wars. Imran is running around the country whipping up his base, but his problem is the same: his base isn’t big enough to overwhelm the enemy.

The rallies are big, but Pakistan is bigger, much bigger. And the PTI knows it. Problematically for the rest of us, the PML-N also knows that.

Problematically because the PML-N is beginning to look past the protests. The government is regaining its composure and getting back in its stride. That would be good — if the PML-N also figured out that it has to reinvent its approach to governing.

There are whispers in the PML-N camp that the guys at the top are willing to change. That long-mulled revamping is imminent. That the N-League is taking a crash course on swimming because it’s not ready to sink.

Same problem though: believe it when you see it.

We’ve heard it before and will hear it again. It’s just that the N-League doesn’t look like much of a physician, much less one that can heal itself. A government that fails to inspire — trust, confidence, anything — and an opponent who doesn’t have an inspirational message — let’s hurry back to Malala.

Why bother explaining her or channelling her when she is so eloquent herself.

“Through my story I want to tell woman, I want to tell other children all around the world, they should stand up for their rights. They should not wait for someone else, their voices are more powerful.

“It would seem they are weak but at a time when no one speaks, your voice gets so loud and everyone has to listen to it. Everyone has to hear.

“This award is for all those children who are voiceless, whose voices need to be heard. I speak for them and I stand up with them. And I join them in their campaign, that their voices should be heard, and they have rights.”

All of that juxtaposed with the dismal egoism that is Imran, the listlessness that is Nawaz and ugliness that can be Pak-India.

“I also had dreams like a normal child has. I wanted to become a doctor at that time, now I want to become a politician, a good politician.”

Malala for PM? At least she’d make us smile.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 12th, 2014

New converts to Imran

THERE are worse things than drift, impasse and bland uncertainty — see, much of the rest of the world is seemingly going to hell — but it is awfully tedious.

Imran said this, Qadri threatened that, Nawaz did nothing, somewhere something semi-relevant happened. It’s difficult to get excited or agitated by any of it any more.

Pakistan usually does its crises high-octane and this slow burn struggles to hold the interest. Everyone knows it’s not going to end anytime soon and, at this stage, mid-term elections are the worst-case scenario.

The new protester, who last year was a last-minute voter or didn’t get around to voting at all, is angry about May 2013.

If off-schedule elections are the worst thing on the table, that’s a buffet Pakistan will be able to digest without too much trouble. And even that seems like a distant prospect.

So we must make do with smaller matters. Like this business of why Imran’s agitation is resonating, perhaps not quite a groundswell as the PTI wants folk to believe, but definitely more than a trickle.

The most interesting protesters are the new ones. PTI activists you already know what they’ll say and do. PTI voters in 2013 you kinda have an idea what they’re about.

But what about the people who seem newly drawn to Imran, the ones who are willing him on and are ready to participate in his latest agitation, who neither hate Nawaz nor love Imran, but somehow have decided they care enough to pick sides in this fight?

It is possible to find them. Sometimes you see them chanting the slogan that has got under the skin of the PML-N. Sometimes they’re out on Constitution Avenue in the evenings. Many stay home, but will answer the call when Imran turns up in their cities.

Talk to them, listen to what they have to say and some themes emerge.

First, Model Town still rankles. Even though Qadri is there on Constitution Avenue, the protester newly drawn to Imran tends to start with Model Town.

How can you kill people in cold blood in Lahore? And then not let an FIR be registered? What kind of government does that?

Model Town was the original rupture, at least for the new protester. And Model Town is a powerful lightning rod because the crime was so manifest, the injustice so clear — no explanation is needed nor can responsibility be denied.

Second, it is the election. The new protester, the man or woman who last year was a last-minute voter or didn’t get around to voting at all, is angry about May 2013.

It’s not about specific rigging allegations or minutiae of ROs and stuffed ballot boxes; it’s a far more basic question that Imran has succeeded in making them wonder about: why should votes — any votes — cast legitimately not be counted?

What is this system which decides that since an overall result was expected anyway, why bother about some people being cheated out of their vote?

That grievance by the new protester is expressed in several ways and it has the power of simplicity, and principle, on its side.

Why do we have elections in the first place, where votes are counted and results tabulated, if it’s already known who’s going to win?

Or: if the PML-N wins a fresh election, so be it, but what’s this business about not being able to ensure that every vote is counted? What kind of democracy is this?

Why, in this day and age, are we to accept a process where some people’s vote gets counted and recorded accurately and others’ not?

And: what is the government afraid of? If they won, then why can’t they just satisfy Imran that they won fair and square?

What’s the harm in doing what Imran asks, the new protester is wondering, especially since everyone agrees that the process was flawed. What great principle is at stake which prevents votes from being recounted?

You can ask this new protester, the one drawn to Imran since the summer, all kinds of things. Was 2002 or 2008 fair? If 2013 was an improvement on 2008 and 2008 an improvement on 2002, then aren’t we at least moving in the right direction?

Is it not obvious that the army has, thanks to the endless protests, reoccupied much of the political space that ought to belong to the civilians? If elections are to be redone just because someone isn’t happy with the result, what kind of precedent would that set?

But the questions are easily deflected. If rigging happened in the past that doesn’t mean it should be ignored today. Demanding fair elections does not mean inviting the army into politics, rather the opposite.

And the kicker, the weapon that the new protester can use to shoot down most questions: Imran is the only one saying this stuff — and that’s why he deserves our support.

Here’s why that’s so potent: it’s true.

Imran may be saying a lot of loopy things, he may come up with kooky ideas galore and he may not have much of a grasp on how to fix things, but in his basic, essential point he is right: the election was not free and fair nor was it completely transparent.

And Imran is the only one who is saying that is unacceptable.

You can explain why a credible and acceptable May 2013 was progress, why democratic disruption may help anti-democratic forces, why Imran didn’t come close to winning, but to those who have heard Imran and absorbed his basic point, how do you explain that tainted is OK, that they should get over it and move on, vote counted or not?

You can’t. Which is why Imran is resonating and there’s more than a trickle of new converts every week.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, October 5th, 2014

Ticking clock

WE’VE been here before and we haven’t. It matters and it doesn’t. What goes around comes around. The winners will be the losers, eventually. The losers will return, eventually.

What’s new about what’s going on in Pakistan? The boys are greedy, the pols are grubby, and everyone else gets to watch the boys and the pols fight over dividing what ought to belong to the people.

We’ve seen it all before, we’ll see it all again. If we could leave it at that, no big deal. Everyone could get on with their lives.

Birth pangs of a new scheme of things, death convulsions of the old order, something in between, time would tell. Eventually, we may cross over from the Hobbesian to the Lockean.

But time — that’s the problem. Deep down there’s a fear many may feel but few want to articulate: this project, this country, this endeavour, it may be running out of time.

First though the issue of what’s visibly going on. Essentially, the debate is about systems vs results: which would you prefer?

The militant complex is so ubiquitous now that few even recognise it as an aberration.

Democrats, the few that there are here, are arguing for the system. The people are demanding results. To be fair, if the system has failed the people — and it has — then why root for a broken system?

Here’s the problem: simultaneously, the locus of power is also being contested. And without a fixed locus of power, there’s little any centre of power can do to deliver to the people in a meaningful, sustainable way.

Essentially, who’s supposed to call the shots and, critically, remain calling the shots: the elected folk or the unelected boys? Until we figure that out, there’ll be no results, none of that stuff the people need and are agitating for.

Nonsense, you’re thinking, the boys don’t want to take over. But that doesn’t matter. The damage is already done.

Imagine you’re a politician. After this, post inquilab and azadi, what’s your incentive to think long term, to fix the system?

Zardari was pushed into survival mode right off the bat; Nawaz’s mandate has been killed off in little over a year — so why bother thinking five years and to the even more remote possibility of reward in the form of re-election?

Aha, but even if they could, you’re thinking, they wouldn’t have anyway — politicians are scummy and never had the people’s interests at heart.

Probably. It is still though a lasting damage that will come of all of this: the politician’s incentive to think long term — the little incentive he had — has been killed off.

And here’s why the damage will be lasting: if the politicians won’t, the boys can’t. And can’t is worse.

Go back to the first three years of Musharraf. The seven-point governance plan and its execution were about as good as it has ever got on the governance side in seven decades of this country’s existence.

Great, so all we need is a decade and a half of that and, boom, the country is solidly middle-income, educated, vibrant, and ready for more.

Except, no. Forget ideological considerations, democratic preferences, suspicions about the boys’ real motives, etc.

The single most compelling reason against military rule is, the time it would take for much-needed reforms to become irreversible is longer than the time a dictator can hold on to power.

For reasons of history, for reasons of politics, for reasons of society, for reasons of jurisprudence, a dictator-for-life isn’t happening here. We can thank the gods for such small mercies or pray fervently that they be withdrawn, but that’s the reality here.

After three years, Musharraf’s court-sanctioned grip on power loosened. His need for fresh political legitimacy from there on drew him into the very compromises that slowly choked his original reforms agenda.

Dictators can’t hang on here — it’s the best thing that’s ever happened to Pakistan, but, if you don’t care about the democratic system, it’s also the worst.

Because dictatorships are condemned to having a shorter life than the time it would take to make reforms (assuming they’re of the right kind) irreversible and self-sustaining, to drag us from a vicious cycle to a virtuous one.

As long as the locus of power remains contested, the problem of results will remain: the boys can’t, the pols won’t.

If that was all there was to this story, most of us could tune out and let the chips fall where they will. Nawaz, Imran, Raheel — who cares when we already know they have no real incentive to nor will the system let them.

Except — the clock. Time.

As Pakistan declines, as the state crumbles, as systems fail, as results diminish and possibilities shrink, there is one system that is going in the opposite direction: the infrastructure of jihad — the mosque-madressah-social welfare network that creates an enabling environment for religiously tainted radical ideologies and violent agendas — is booming.

The only growth industry in Pakistan is the militant complex. It’s everywhere, so ubiquitous now that few even recognise it as an aberration. And soon, we may find out what happens when a booming industry, the infrastructure of jihad, catches up to and overtakes a declining state.

Miserable and predictable as civ-mil and Pyrrhic wars among the civilians are, it would almost — almost — be acceptable if it were the only game in town. Eventually, someone would win.

But there’s a dark horse, the infrastructure of jihad, in this race now. And the longer the race goes on, the more miserable and predictable iterations of the old equation are, the more it looks like the dark horse may win.

Time — that’s really what Pakistan doesn’t have much of anymore.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 28th , 2014

Crisis is the new normal

Even the conspiracy theorists have given up. Why bother when reality is so much more bizarre?

As the never-ending crisis chugs along and becomes the new normal, folk can’t even muster the pretence that October may reveal a deus ex machina. And that tells a story of its own.

For if this was Zaheer leading the charge, Zaheer is going home in October. The charge should stop. But if it was Raheel…

If you were Khan or Qadri, would you go home? Go home to what? The prize, the target, sits across Constitution Avenue. Home doesn’t offer the same view, or the same possibilities.

There is only guesswork from here. The denouement is unknown. Some hope that Khan and Qadri will tire and go home eventually. Surely, even the mightiest cannot indefinitely sustain the unsustainable.

Except that doesn’t factor in the nothing-to-lose part: Khan and Qadri have nothing to lose by sticking around, and much to gain. For as long as the agitators stick around, there’s a chance they’ll succeed. Go home and they definitely fail.

If you were Khan or Qadri, would you go home? Go home to what? The prize, the target, sits across Constitution Avenue. Home doesn’t offer the same view, or the same possibilities.

Or the Tawdry Twosome can split up. Imran can take his dharna on the road and Qadri can symbolically hold down the fort on Constitution Avenue with a few desolate supporters.

That would keep interest alive and the pressure on, allowing Khan and Qadri a way out of the cul de sac they’ve found themselves in on Constitution Avenue.

Wouldn’t that be something though? The era of single-episode crises would give way to multi-chapter crises. That’s what happens when you have more moving parts, more mercurial characters, less control and lesser minds.

What about the boys? If decapitation wasn’t the agenda, then what else is left to achieve? Nothing.

So why not pull the rug out from under the protesters, roll up the show and get on with enjoying internal predominance? But that’s not happening. Why? There is a possible explanation: the hunter wants the hunted to free himself.

A trap was sprung, the prey was caught, and ever since the prey has thrashed around, trying to free itself. Now, the prey is exhausted, but the hunter isn’t willing to help him escape the trap. Somehow, the prey will have to do it himself.

It seems unnecessary and is unwise. For if decapitation wasn’t the real agenda, if just pinning him to the mat and wresting away his mandate was, then that means several years of co-habitation lie ahead.

But every extra day this drags out is an extra day lodged in the memory. Too much punishment, too much humiliation, can cause a victim to snap.

Surely, if decapitation wasn’t the idea, then pushing Nawaz into survival mode was. And stuff still needs to get done in survival mode; meetings still have to be held, decisions have to be taken.

National security and foreign policy may be core interests, but there’s a world outside that too. The economy, the people, the business of running the state and keeping the coffers filled and figuring out who gets what.

All of that can happen if Nawaz is nudged into survival mode. But what if he sails past survival and goes over the edge? Why run that risk by keeping the pressure on?

Surely, crisis after crisis isn’t good for any business, even the boys’. If you didn’t want to knock him out, then why not hold out a hand and pull him off the mat after the fight has been won?

Let him lick his wounds, don’t add to them. But there seems to be a smallness at work that is the hallmark of a bully, not a warrior.

Then again, if decapitation was really the idea…

On to the wounded prey: Nawaz.

As the chief custodian of the democratic project, Nawaz is someone you want to sympathise with. If he wins, we all win. If he loses, it’s back to square one.

And yet, Nawaz has emerged as a singularly unsympathetic character in all of this. Even his allies have looked on in awe at a three-term PM who still just doesn’t seem to get it.

It’s not so much that Nawaz is trapped in a net that nobody can escape from, it’s that he seems unable to recognise the escape routes even when they’re right in front of him.

You could see it again over the weekend, when he gets up, makes a speech before a joint session of parliament, and essentially says nothing. No road map, no plan, no concessions, nothing. Just — talk.

What could he have said? He’s the damn PM. He has options. He has the advantage. He should know.

Or perhaps he shouldn’t. Because it could just be that he’s out of his depth. That it’s not so much his judgement that is clouded, but that he’s just not up to scratch.

Unless he’s convinced decapitation was and is the plan…

In which case, Nawaz may be unwilling to cede anything and is challenging his foes to do their worst: either knock him out or learn to live with him.

Throw all of those possibilities together and the picture only becomes gloomier: boys unwilling to be benevolent in victory; Nawaz unwilling to forgive in defeat; Imran and Qadri hungry for power and unconcerned about the system.

And so, we’re back to muddling through, rummaging through minutiae, looking for meaning where there is none and an end that may never come.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 21th, 2014

Playing both sides

THERE are, really, only two possibilities: either there is a cabal or there isn’t; either factionalism exists or it doesn’t; either Raheel is in charge or he isn’t.

“Those understanding the Army’s structure and working cannot imagine this. Everyone is allowed to discuss their opinions in a free and frank manner but the army chief’s decision is considered final and troops follow his lead.”

No, the chief has said via ISPR, there is no cabal. Others may have opinions, but only he decides. Others may want; only Raheel decides what they — all of them, together — will have.

The intervention won’t quell rumour and conspiracy, but it was necessary. Because after the frenzy — the great frenzy in the political arena — the inevitable, and serious, questions would come.

Sir, was it you? And if it wasn’t you, what does that say about your army — and you? There are serious implications either way.

Either Raheel is sneaky or Raheel is weak — neither a reputation a year-old chief will want to grow.

One: there is no cabal. To anyone who knows anything about how the boys function, the idea is a risible one.

Everyone — everyone — serves at the chief’s pleasure. The army is not a debating club. You don’t go behind the chief’s back on something as big as this. Plus, the cabal is retiring in a few weeks.

If the chief takes over, he’s the reluctant dictator. If he doesn’t take over, he’s democracy’s hero.

Everyone who reports to the soon-to-be retired cabal is appointed by the chief’s office and all of them have records to protect and years of service to look forward to — why be more loyal to the soon-to-be defrocked and risk being cashiered?

Ah, but the cabal can do this on its own. And of course Pasha wrapped up his service in Abu Dhabi recently. Again — that means a group of generals meeting among themselves on the side to plot politics.

If that isn’t a sacking offence, one that a chief can materialise with the stroke of a pen or even just the words ‘go home’, then we’re in a lot more trouble than any of us thought.

More on that trouble in a minute.

If a cabal is a risible idea, why was it floated in the first place? Because the boys are yet again playing two sides: the constituency within and the public at large.

Internally, the cabal theory is mocked because the boys know how the boys function. Externally, with the public, the cabal theory has been lapped up.

See how the cabal theory has worked in the public arena. Raheel the good guy, only looking to put just and desirable pressure on a loose-cannon PM. The cabal the bad-bad guys or the bad-good guys.

Hardliners, who, depending on your point of view, are the bad-bad guys looking to overturn the still-fragile democratic system and grab power or are the bad-good guys who have the guts to do what’s necessary to save us all from a fake democracy.

Any which way, the army wins.

It’s a peculiar breed of strategy that is as risky as it is high-stakes: the chief gets others to do his dirty work, blame shifts to them, he stays clean — until he doesn’t.

We’ve seen this template before: memogate. Then, Kayani’s hand was being forced by — again, depending on your point of view — a righteous, ambitious or ballsy Pasha and the chief had to juggle opposing concerns: national security versus the democratic project.

Now, it’s Nawaz who’s the national security threat and it’s a bunch of no-name generals who are putting pressure on Raheel, and the chief is having to juggle the two.

If he takes over, he’s the reluctant dictator. If he doesn’t take over, he’s democracy’s hero.

It’s sneaky, sneaky as hell, and can work — until folk pause and ask, err, is the army really riven by factionalism? And then folk start thinking through the implications of that factionalism. On to those implications.

Two: there is a cabal.

On India, on Afghanistan, on militancy, even the chief knows he can’t do just anything he wants. The boys’ core constituency is the boys themselves and certain truths are embedded within. You can’t just order them to stop believing.

Every chief knows this — which is why, Zia or Musharraf, Kayani or Kakar, Karamat or Raheel, certain things are not attempted. Because no chief wants to issue the order he knows may not be executed.

Here’s the problem though — on Nawaz, we’re in a world far, far removed from core interests.

Let’s say that on every one of those things — India, Afghanistan, militancy, throw in the US and state restructuring too — Nawaz is at odds with the army.

Fine. But what has Nawaz got away with? Wanting to do something is different to being able to do that something.

And from here, post azadi and inquilab, what does Nawaz look like he’ll ever be able to get away with, even if he survives?

If factionalism is tolerated, if a cabal exists, on matters of dull politics, then who else may get what kind of loopy ideas in areas far, far more troubling?

Pick any of the contradictions. The enemy is the militant, but religion is in the fabric of the army. The secular authority of your leader is inviolable, but a higher power is sacrosanct. Do what you’re told, but believe in scripture.

Cabals and factionalism in matters of dull politics, when, as the naval dockyard attack depressingly recalled, terrifyingly bigger fault lines remain largely unseen, unheard and unspoken of.

You don’t want a sneak, you don’t want a weakling — we just really need Raheel to be in charge.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 14th , 2014

Crisis rumbles on

THE crisis is over. No, it isn’t. The crisis is winding down. No, it’s heating up. Imran and Qadri are going home empty-handed. No, they’re going home with Nawaz or parliament’s scalp.

Blame it on Nawaz. Blame it on Raheel. Blame Imran. Blame the gods. Blame no one. All that’s known is that the agitators aren’t going home and a deal is more elusive than had seemed possible.

Part of the reason is apparent to all: the PML-N is as arrogant and stubborn as ever.

After Hashmi happened and the joint session produced a bit of fire and brimstone — in favour of democracy — the PML-N had yet another opportunity: make the big concessions, get the PTI and Qadri to sign on, pick up the pieces.

Instead, the PML-N did what the PML-N does best: took a good situation and turned it bad. Magnanimity — that’s what the party lacks.

The PML-N did what the PML-N does best: took a good situation and turned it bad.

The PML-N is like the quintessential school-ground bully. Goes around knocking over little kids, stealing lunch money, having a good time of it all — until a bigger bully knocks him over.

Beaten but not chastened, the bully then returns to business ie goes around knocking over little kids, stealing lunch money, having a good time — as though nothing happened.

What should the PML-N have done? Given the self-interest in the PTI, something substantive, something they believe they can get Khan to stand down for in return.

The PML-N isn’t going to convince Khan on anything, but the PTI might — at least those in the PTI who have a self-interest in seeing its May 2013 gains protected and the party salvaged.

The PTI negotiators have already showed their hand — they want a time-bound super-commission that can investigate individual results as well as the overall election and that can issue binding judgements.

Give it to them. Let the negotiators have their super-commission so that they have something they can use to prevail on their boss to back down.

Ah, but what if Nawaz believes that Khan really means what he says — that his goal is Nawaz’s ouster and everything else is ancillary? Why make concessions to someone you don’t believe is looking to negotiate?

Because Imran and Qadri have more options than Nawaz.

The government cracks down on the agitators, it will be accused of violence. The agitators turn to violence again, the government will be blamed for failing to resolve the stand-off through negotiations.

Show magnanimity when you don’t need to — when the advantage is with you and not your opponent — and it increases your options.

Imagine a super-commission is conceded and nothing happens. The agitators refuse to accept it as a fair settlement. Or the agitators turn to violence again. Who gets blamed then?

But the PML-N is trapped. Trapped by its own insecurities and fears and self-regard. And by its reliance on the few instead of the several.

Twice now, the PML-N has missed a big chance — because the PML-N is trapped by itself.

Shahbaz should have been sacked after Model Town. Whether the elder Sharif authorised Model Town or not, whether the younger Sharif coordinated it or not, when that episode blew up in the PML-N’s face, a massive gesture had to be made.

Instead, a second-tier politician and a third-rate bureaucrat were offered up. The man to go had to be Shahbaz. But Shahbaz is family.

This week, Nisar should have been sacked. He wasn’t. Because Nawaz may have calculated that sacking him would also unleash him, and better to keep Nisar on a leash and nearby.

Ah, but surely Nawaz will know the rumours? Why keep on a man who perception has it is closer to the enemy than the party he represents?

Because Trojan horses are an accepted part of the game for politicians. Someone close to you will always belong to the other side. And better the frenemy you know well than one you don’t.

Sometimes though you need friends who tell you like it is and loyalists who serve a cause greater than an individual. And the brave — you need a few of those. PML-N has none of that.

Azadi and inquilab are in several ways a repeat of ‘memogate’. The actors are different, but the plot is the same: decapitation via power-hungry outsiders.

In memogate, it was Mansoor Ijaz used to get Zardari and his guy in DC. In azadi and inquilab, it’s Qadri and Imran being used to get Nawaz.

But look what happened in memogate — Yousuf Raza Gilani. Unexpectedly, he threw himself in the line of fire and roared. State within a state, he thundered. Who gave Osama a visa, he demanded to know.

And suddenly memogate was in disarray because no one had seen it coming. Memogate was supposed to be a fight between the boys and Zardari/Haqqani, not a prime minister who didn’t really get along with his boss and had forged a reputation more for padding the nest than doing his job.

Where is the PML-N’s Yousuf Raza Gilani?

It has Shahbaz, who threw a loyal aide under the bus. And it has Nisar, who stabbed his PM in the back in public. There is no YRG.

There are no friends in the PML-N who can say it like it is to Nawaz. There are no loyalists in the PML-N who serve a cause greater than Nawaz. There are no brave men in the PML-N.

No, this crisis isn’t over yet. In part because the PML-N can’t unlearn being the PML-N.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, September 7th, 2014

When failure is victory

TO understand them, there’s just two dates you need to know: 1971 and 1977.

In 1971, the Pakistan Army contrived to lose half of Pakistan. In 1977, the Pakistan Army was back running Pakistan.

Six years was all it took. And if 1971-1977 happened, what’s 2008-2014? Nawaz didn’t stand a chance.

But Nawaz has also helped write his political obituary. Twice now he’s been called a liar.

First, it was the Musharraf promise: the boys let it be known that Nawaz had reneged on his government’s promise to indict and then allow Musharraf to leave the country.

Maybe the Musharraf promise had been made or maybe it hadn’t. What was alarming was that the boys were quietly letting it be known that they thought they had a deal and the PM double-crossed them.

The civilians haven’t been allowed to grow, but events — blessed, cursed, events — have grown.

In essence, the boys were accusing the PM of being a dishonourable man. That’s a perception — correct or incorrect, right or wrong — that you don’t want the boys to have.

It explains what came this week. Briefly, Nawaz himself tried to shift perceptions, to collar Imran and Qadri and stick them in next to the boys.

Immediately, the boys hit back. This time there were no leaks, no background chatter, no carefully sown doubts.

Sorry, Prime Minister, you’re a liar — it was direct, it was blunt and it’s devastating. You have to wonder if a third time will be necessary.

Why would Nawaz do it? Even if he’s right — he hasn’t lied — and they’re wrong, why would he so casually let such poison flow so freely in so vital a relationship?

Take your pick. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t know better. Or he thinks it will work. None of them really make sense. It also doesn’t matter. The mandate was already dead. Now, Nawaz will survive on sufferance — their sufferance.

You don’t make them out to be liars and stay in control of your destiny. The other thing you don’t do is call them out on their lies.

Nawaz knows plenty of their lies. As does anyone who’s dealt with the boys and dealt with people who’ve had to suffer the boys.

Stories, apocryphal and true, suffice. Just this term, Nawaz has caught them twice. Once, he was told the Taliban were lying, that there were no non-combatant captives.

Then the Achakzai line to Karzai was opened to get the real story from the other side. Nawaz knew he was being dissembled with.

How strong are they? Nawaz knows. He once told the story of the other Pakistan, the one they contrived to lose in 1971.

Nawaz went there, some years ago, and met all the big guns, the fearsome political rivals and the boys in charge there. Each one of them complained about interference and those three letters: I.S.I.

Isn’t it extraordinary? Bitter rivals they are over there, opposing camps, fiercely divided — and yet all speak about our boys and all say the same thing.

Playing all sides against each other in faraway Bangladesh? You’d think everyone has forgotten about Bangladesh, or would like to forget. But that’s our boys: they never forget.

It doesn’t take much to figure out what they can do with home advantage. So many sides, so many angles, so many games, so many Qadris and Imrans — always one bottom line: they stay strong; everyone else stays weak.

But Nawaz keeps quiet. As did Zardari. As do all the civilians. Because to call them out is to invoke a wrath that can bring all your skeletons tumbling out.

And you don’t want your skeletons to come tumbling out.

Where to now? The transition has ruptured. If that wasn’t dismal enough, there’s no one on the horizon who can help put it back on track.

So now we have to go big, to look at epochs and what makes them. There’s two that matter so far.

The boys and their system were forged in the first decade of this country’s existence. Ayesha Jalal in The State of Martial Rule has explained it more convincingly and eloquently than anyone else: in the shadow of the Cold War and in combination with regional and domestic factors, the structure of the Pakistani state was forged.

That’s the edifice, that’s the system, that’s the boys and what makes the boys the boys.

But the boys are in denial. There is a second epoch.

Fast forward to the late 1970s. Three events in quick succession, the meaning and combined effects of which the country has yet to figure out: Zia and his Islamisation; the Shia-Sunni schism reignited by revolution just when petro-dollars were coming into their own; and the Soviets wading into Afghanistan.

The civilians haven’t been allowed to grow, but events — blessed, cursed, events — have grown. Everything the boys are contending with, the big changes they have been forced into stem from those events.

See, one hundred and seventy five thousand troops in Fata fighting Islamist militants.

So change is here, we’re already living it and the boys are struggling to cope. Which means, eventually, either they’ll have to make choices or events will make the choice for them.

When the rupture does come though — when things break apart — it may not be the civilians who will get to collect the pieces and put Pakistan back together; it could be something far uglier.

But that’s the risk. Because Zardari failed, Nawaz is failing and Imran is a failure. But, most of all, because the boys think failure is victory.

That’s what got them from 1971 to 1977. And that’s what’s got them from 2008 to 2014.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 31, 2014

Three, two, one

If they can, they will. If there’s an incentive — power — and there’s opportunity — a rickety system — someone will attack.

Defence — plugging the holes — is usually ex-post, after the event, because ex-ante, before the event, it’s the attacker who has the greater incentive to find the vulnerabilities.

Simply, democracy will be attacked as long as democracy is weak, and the weaknesses will be found by the attackers more often than they will be by the defenders.

Frustrating as it is to watch Nawaz & co flail around and struggle to stay upright, it is also true that the foes they are contending with are many and the avenues of attack innumerable.

Start with Imran. He’s tough to defend against because he’s unpredictable and bound by no rules. He’s like that guy who’ll stand and throw fistful of mud after fistful of mud at a wall until something sticks.

Immediately after the election, Imran tried the electoral-fraud fistful of mud. It didn’t stick. Then he switched to electricity. It nearly stuck — but Nawaz offered to let him take charge of Pesco and Imran backed down.

The defence needs to be more alert, hungrier, fiercer, nimbler than the attacker. Nawaz & co failed that test

Then he found a fistful of mud that stuck and stuck for a while — attacking the government for not engaging the Taliban in dialogue. It was a potent line of attack given that an internal war is unpopular.

Eventually, Nawaz owned the dialogue option and Imran had to find something else. That’s when he returned to electoral fraud, but this time the fistful of mud was better moulded: four constituencies.

PML-N had a look, shrugged and went back to business. But that narrow, focused demand stuck — and struck a chord in the wider public and political arena. What’s the harm in having a look at four constituencies? It was damaging precisely because it was innocuous.

Thirty-five seats, recounting every vote cast, altogether fresh elections — those options seemed far too disruptive and were easily swatted away. Four constituencies was the fistful of mud that stuck to the wall of Fortress Sharif and stayed in place.

From there, Imran had something he could build on. More and more mud was flung until a mud ramp began to take shape and storming the castle became a possibility.

That’s what got us here.

If it wasn’t this, it would be something else. If it wasn’t something else, it would be another thing altogether. Something, anything — if the attacker is persistent and willing to try anything, the vulnerabilities will eventually be exposed. Especially if the system is weak.

Which means the defence needs to be more alert, hungrier, fiercer, nimbler than the attacker. Nawaz & co failed that test. They failed to spot the danger, failed to neutralise an incipient threat, failed to scrape off that first fistful of mud that clung to the walls of Fortress Nawaz — and now are facing the biggest of crises.

Imran won’t go away because Imran has time and possibility on his side. It’s in the nature of weak systems. Imran is simply showing us what’s possible when the system is weak.

Turn to the boys. Three mistakes Nawaz made: Musharraf; keenness on India; and siding against the ISI in the media wars. Which is fair enough ’cause what is power without ruffling status quo feathers?

The problem for Nawaz was the weak democratic system, which meant that pushback didn’t have to be direct. The attack could come from above or below or behind or from the sides — it never had to come from the front, the only thing Nawaz seemed to have prepared for.

The problem with Nawaz and the boys isn’t that they don’t get each other or understand each other, it’s that they precisely understand each other and know what the other is up to.

For the boys, there are three red lines: the leadership; the perks and the sprawling empire; and national security and foreign policy on India, Afghanistan and the US.

Nawaz ceded two, but went after the third: the leadership. Trying Musharraf is a Trojan horse, the thin edge of the wedge, putting the civilian cat among the army pigeons.

Get Musharraf and the door opens, not for mass trials but for collective demotion, of a slow road to ordinary-citizen status, vulnerable to the same whims and damage that the political class is.

The boys know this, Nawaz knows this — and only one side can win. It didn’t have to be this way. It could have been the strong system of the boys versus the weak but united system of the civilians.

Except, Nawaz is the go-it-alone sort. An emperor with a vulnerable kingdom and not the means to defend it. If only a valiant fight, the good fight, was a winning fight.

Perhaps — and oh the things, the many things that could be different — the worst thing to have happened to Nawaz was winning that damn election outright.

Zardari proved a survivor, a sustainer of coalitions, because he needed to be. The electoral maths post-May 11 meant Nawaz needed no partners. The emperor could do as he pleased.

And he did. And the system hit back.

If they can, they will. They can, so they have. Nawaz thought he could and there was no one to tell him that he couldn’t.

1990-1993; 1997-1999; 2013-2014?

Three years, two years, one year — terms one, two and three have proved one thing: if they can, they will. And they grow less patient with time.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 24th, 2014

The oldest game

TIME to sift through the detritus. IK? Got no plan, thinks he can win. That makes him a loser. Nawaz? Qadri was personal; Imran was politics.

But is this all the politics he — Nawaz — has got?

Breathe. What was the original threat to this government? That street agitation was being encouraged by the boys to either kill off Nawaz’s mandate or oust him. Straightforward enough that.

So, for Nawaz: wait for the enemy to come to you or take the fight to him? Three-term PM decided on the latter. And that’s when the danger escalated. Cause Model Town happened, shutting down Lahore happened, barricading Islamabad happened.

Round and round it goes, the civ-mil riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma that is also quite simple.

The pressure began to recede not when the marchers failed to materialise, it began to recede when the government stepped back and said, go ahead, guys, show us what you’ve got.

Until that moment, for some reason, the government had made the storyline about what was being done to the would-be protesters instead of what the protests could achieve.

What was that reason?

Closer to Aug 14, it became apparent that Nawaz had two things on his mind: this was being orchestrated by the boys; he was willing to pretend it wasn’t authorised at the very top.

Bluntly, the PM thought sections of the mil-intel establishment were out to get him, but that Raheel and Zahir hadn’t signed off on it.

What that tells you is a further two things. One, that old myth about a unified army, top to bottom, is a myth that the political leadership doesn’t believe.

Two, Nawaz can still play tricks. By pushing back fiercely against the I-Day rallies, but suggesting that Raheel or Zahir weren’t behind them, the de-escalation option — on both sides — remained open.

Now what?

It’s the next part that’s revealing. Nawaz’s circle thinks he has to tough it out till October, when a spate of retirements will trigger a reshuffle among the boys that can take some of the pressure off.

But does Nawaz really believe that this is the hangover of the Musharraf-Kayani era that is out to get him or does he know — and knows that he can’t say out loud — that Raheel, Zahir and everyone else, they’re all the same, and they all either fear, loathe or are suspicious of Nawaz?

Because, on the opposite side, if it is in fact true — facts? What are those? — that it wasn’t Raheel or Zahir who conceived of or authorised the attempted street putsch, exactly how unhappy could they really have been with events if they let events play out till the very end?

And round and round it goes, the civ-mil riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma that is also quite simple: the civilians aren’t up to scratch yet; the boys have an old playbook; the game will continue, until something else replaces it.

For now, the game is here. And Nawaz ain’t winning.

So, is this it? From here on out the memory will linger on, battle lines drawn, Nawaz pushed into survival mode, focusing on a domestic economic agenda, leaving the big-boy stuff to the boys, like Zardari did?

It’s a long time to wait: 2018.

At least in 2009, the military overhang was still monstrously large and the democratic transition in the hands of an electoral novice and political liability.

Then — short-change though it did the country — at least something, survival, was better than nothing. But successive five-year terms of the same? It is an unhappy thought.

What can Nawaz do to salvage his third term? Well, he can stop being Nawaz. But a born-again democrat being re-birthed a fifth of his way through a third stint in power? Shed the advisers, ditch the bureaucrats, bring in some fresh blood — it’d still be the old Nawaz making the final call.

It’s not just the ponderousness, the slowness of response and the visceral need to crush opponents. It’s the personalised nature of all that is happening.

Musharraf — personal. October 1999. And all that happened afterwards. But October 1999.

Qadri — personal. He made him, he financed him, he will teach him a lesson.

Imran — challenge to personal fiefdom, Punjab. To boot, sponsored, in Nawaz’s mind, by the institutional foe and unleashed again on behalf of a personal enemy, Musharraf.

Nawaz is what everyone thought Zardari would be. Unable to forget, unwilling to forgive and unfit to lead. Except Zardari learned, Nawaz hasn’t in three tries.

Hit the re-set button and start the countdown anew. 2018 — unless a miracle happens.

But back to the present, back to the opponents, back to Islamabad. The immediate danger is almost gone; can Nawaz though be magnanimous and engage his political foes?

Qadri left Islamabad in Jan 2013 after working out an important-sounding but meaningless charter with the PPP government and sharing a laugh with Kaira. Will Imran get the same courtesy?

Wander around the sites of freedom and revolution in Islamabad and, if you are of a certain, decent bent, a particular wave of emotions will wash over you.

To see Imran, this version, and Qadri, all versions, in action is to feel a mix of pity, resentment and anger — 67 years on, is this the best we’ve got to bring down a government?

Qadri is a zealot, Imran obsessed with power — whether they are carefully deployed assets or independent opportunists, surely Pakistan deserves better.

Or perhaps not. Because to watch this version of Nawaz — the only version? — in action is to feel fear. Is he really the best of what the democrats have to offer?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 17th, 2014

Unfit to lead

IT’S happening. It really is. Scorched earth. Pyrrhic victory. Cutting off nose. Shooting in the foot.

The custodians of democracy have done what the anti-democrats wanted. Lahore feels like a war zone. Fuel is unavailable. Roads are shut. Folk are scared. Nobody really cares who wins — they just want it to stop.

It needs to stop. It will stop. It always does — and in the end, it will be the democrats who will have struck another grievous blow against democracy.

Nawaz and co have taken their obsession with Punjab and done to it what any combination of ego, paranoia and obsession will do.

The problem with democracy is its fragility — without a population that believes in it, without institutions that believe in it, without politicians who really care about it, it doesn’t survive. Sometimes it limps on, like it did under Zardari and may now under Sharif. But continuity means little when the present is populated by sins egregious and stunning.

Qadri will slide back into irrelevance again, but this time he’ll take a fistful of PML-N flesh with him.

Who is Qadri? He’s the Mansoor Ijaz who won’t go away. Remember Mansoor Ijaz? Exactly. Qadri would have gone the same way, a speculator always angling for relevance but fundamentally irrelevant.

Qadri will slide back into irrelevance again, but this time he’ll take a fistful of PML-N flesh with him. We have to wait and see if the flesh is Nawaz’s scalp.

By now we know: Nawaz thinks Qadri is a threat. Let’s drop the pretence — always weak anyway — that the squeeze on Qadri and his supporters was authorised and prosecuted from anywhere but the top.

The PML-N is doing silly things to Qadri, and to Punjab’s hapless citizenry, because Nawaz wants dumb things done to Qadri — and Nawaz doesn’t care that Punjab’s hapless citizenry is caught in the middle. But why is Nawaz willing to inflict pain on his beloved Punjab to fight Qadri? He’s fighting for something, this Nawaz is. Understanding it doesn’t mean accepting it.

Shutting down Lahore. Closing off that great pride and joy, the motorway. Making Lahoris doubt their affection for Mian Sahib. Denying privileged Lahore its basic services.

Surely, all of that is only done by someone sensing a fundamental challenge to their rule. It’s not that the collateral damage is neither perceived nor recognised; it’s that the collateral damage is deemed acceptable, necessary even, to achieve the goal.

The goal is first and always — survival. Why is Qadri a threat to Nawaz’s survival? Because he’s rabid, he’s got a base of committed supporters in Punjab and he’s in the boys’ camp.

But sometimes the goal is survival plus something else. The victory, pyrrhic or not, sends a message across the land: mess with Nawaz in his Punjab and he will snarl and snap and fight you before you can fight him. That raises the cost for anyone who wants to snatch the throne. For the boys, it means the veneer of deniability, staying tucked away out of direct sight, won’t work.

They’ll have to come out into the open, launch a more direct, frontal assault themselves if they want Nawaz out now. That carries its own risks and raises the costs for the boys.

For civilian aspirants, facing the brunt of the civilian-run security and administrative apparatus means you’ve got to have enough muscle of your own. Resources, men, women, camps, coordination centres, an A team and a B team.

Those kinds of options exist with only a handful of challengers. And anyone among them having the same thoughts as Qadri will have to think twice, and then twice more, if they want to take on Nawaz.

And all of this Nawaz is willing to sanction because his greatest asset is also his biggest vulnerability. Having nothing politically — nothing meaningful anyway — outside Punjab means he has to dominate Punjab.

Punjab can’t be shared — the middle class, urban, conservative parts of Punjab — because sharing Punjab would mean no route to power, both at the provincial level and, most definitely, in Islamabad.

So fight, fight and fight Nawaz will. Any attack that comes from the conservative, establishment sections of Punjab, Nawaz will whack. The problem is, he’ll always lose. Maybe not in the first round or the second this time, but, eventually, he’ll lose.

Because he’s playing dirty from the wrong side of the pitch. A general the public knows will do dirty things. A power-hungry civilian outsider the public knows will stop at nothing.

But neither of those options needs the public to grab power. They don’t have to go to the public, cap in hand, head bowed and ask for their vote.

Nawaz is nothing without electoral legitimacy, without political capital and without the public’s backing. Well, without them he’s just a super-rich guy who was prime minister once. Which is essentially nothing.

And yet, here he is, sacrificing his political capital in his hometown to fight an enemy who keeps goading Nawaz into shedding more and more of his democratic armour, leaving him more and more vulnerable to attack in the arena of power politics.

Is he really stupid? Is his ego simply too big? Is his paranoia too deep-rooted? Has hubris simply taken over?

Or, simply, is Nawaz unfit to govern Pakistan?

Walk around Lahore this weekend — driving being difficult even on empty roads because fuel is near impossible to find. There’s police with guns everywhere. Fearful customers are raiding store shelves for basic supplies.

A bewildered citizenry is wondering where this political storm came from and why they’re caught in the middle of it. This is Lahore. In 2014. This is the heart of Sharif’s Pakistan. In 2014.

Yes, this weekend, it does look like Nawaz is unfit to lead Pakistan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, Aug 10th, 2014

Just enough ain’t good enough

AND round and round in circles we go. Now that Imran is determined to revive the game of musical chairs of the ’90s, you’ve got to wonder, either way, what difference does it make?

Yes, yes, continuity matters. Yes, the democratic project needs to be nurtured. Yes, impatience will get us nowhere. Yes, we’ve seen it all before and realised that while the alternative is flashier, the results are no better.

But let’s get real. Assume Nawaz is chucked out tomorrow. Gone, for a third time. A year after winning for a third time. What difference would it make?

In the game of power you either have it or you don’t — you really can’t share.

Who will turn out on the streets to protest the gross repudiation of the people’s will? Who but a handful of loyalists with nowhere to go will decry his ouster? Who will consider it an affront that cannot be countenanced?

Who will do anything?

Nobody. At most, some folk on the periphery of the political game will understand the damage done to the system, but even they will know deep down that in the game of power politics, Nawaz hurt himself and the system.

What is Nawaz’s sin at this point? Nothing really. Sure, he hasn’t lived up to expectations, but neither has he really screwed up.

The only thing that comes close to a strategic error is Musharraf. But that for the order of priorities and the way he’s gone about it and the reality of internal power structures. In principle though who can say Musharraf shouldn’t be tried?

At this point, Nawaz’s sin is the same as Asif’s was at the same point five years ago: he has won power.

Zardari was considered illegitimate, an insult to the dignity and honour of the land of the pure, a spot on the good name of Pakistan that had to be rubbed out quickly.

But it wasn’t really that. Zardari had power; others wanted that power. In the game of power you either have it or you don’t — you really can’t share.

See how they’ve turned on Kayani. Again, it’s miscast — a power grab and weakness of character: Kayani wanted a second term and wasn’t willing to pull the trigger on North Waziristan.

But it’s not really that. Kayani’s mistake was the perception of a quid pro quo: three more years for him and Zardari got his five years guaranteed. That’s the sin Kayani never really recovered from.

Now it’s Nawaz’s turn. Governance has been poor and the results unsatisfactory. But so what?

Who’s got better ideas here? Imran? Raheel? Qadri? The Chaudhrys? If it isn’t about results, then it’s surely about power. Nawaz has it; others want it — and the others aren’t willing to wait five years.

But if Nawaz’s real sins are few, there is one mistake that makes everything else irrelevant: he ought to have known better.

Ought to have known there is an enemy — which he does; ought to have known the enemy would attack — the jury is out on whether he did; and ought to have bolstered his defence and offence — which he hasn’t.

Collect allies, keep the public on your side, keep the enemy occupied, keep your options open, be alert.

Nawaz has done none of that.

And with each passing day — whether he survives or not — an old doubt continues to nag: does Nawaz really have an appetite for politics anymore? Is the fire in the belly still there?

There have been spurts of action: the March ’09 long march, the last weeks of the May ’13 election, the post-election focus on electricity.

But each of those episodes also emphasised the overall lethargy.

Had Nawaz really become a democrat or was he just unwilling to do what it would take to oust Zardari? Ousting someone is a gruelling task, something the frequency of ousters in the ’90s tended to obscure.

Meetings, planning, scheming, pushing, pulling, feinting, preparing, haranguing, day and night, work, work, work — making an ouster happen is about as difficult as winning an election.

No fire in the belly, no obsessiveness, no total dedication to the cause — and your opponent will survive. Like Zardari did.

So, Nawaz the democrat or Nawaz the long-in-the-tooth lion?

Or take the run-up to the election. A year out, Nawaz seemed peculiarly comfortable with the idea of a coalition government. There was no real attempt to open the gates to the PML-N tent or to expand the tent. What would be would be.

Then, with weeks to go, Imran swung into action, whipping up a media frenzy and preaching his message to massive rallies seemingly everywhere in the country. Only then did we see an energetic Nawaz, replicating Imran’s dash to constituencies and exhorting the masses.

So, Nawaz the hungry PM-in-waiting or Nawaz on auto-pilot, kicking back instead of pressing forwards?

Then there was the business of electricity. Post-election, Nawaz figured out the election had been a referendum on electricity. He disappeared from public and huddled with his energy advisers — for weeks and months.

Together, they came up with a plan, a plan drawn up knowing that it was probably the make-or-break plan for 2018, a plan that would require intense supervision and massive political will from the very top.

A few months on, the energy and focus was gone. Nawaz the governator or Nawaz the shrug-and-sigh PM?

And now this business with Imran, allowing him to drag a fringe demand to the centre stage of politics, from where anything is possible.

Just-enough Nawaz isn’t good-enough Nawaz. Especially if the enemy is relentless and obsessive.

No fire in the belly usually equals being consumed by someone else’s fire. Imran’s got fire.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, August 3rd, 2014

A new Kayani moment?

STOP the press. It’s official. The PML-N is committing political suicide. Nawaz and co are back — the original, unreconstructed Nawaz and co — and they’re dying to get kicked out.

You can even start cueing the jokes now.

Why is Nawaz already in Saudi? Because this time he didn’t want to be bundled out in a hurry.

Why did Nawaz fly commercial to Saudi? Because he only needed a one-way ticket.

The PML-N doesn’t need an opposition. It doesn’t need an opponent. It doesn’t even need an aspiring PM or a would-be uniformed saviour to pile on the pressure.

Obsessed with politics, clumsy with security, it’s a horror show of quite stunning proportions.

No, the PML-N will screw things up for itself all by itself, thank you very much.

Here’s the state of the play. The PTI is going for broke; it wants power. Imran wants to be PM and won’t rest until he is. Democracy be damned.

The boys are busy counter-insurgencying, but boys will be boys and they are licking their lips and eyeing the throne.

The PML-N — at least the few at the rarefied top — is convinced a plot is unfolding. It’s a vice of sorts, one side political pressure, the other side the boys’ security stuff.

And boy, is the PML-N screwing it up. Obsessed with politics, clumsy with security, it’s a horror show of quite stunning proportions that leaves you looking on in awe and mystification.

Right now, there is really just one question: is the PML-N lurching towards its own version of a Kayani moment, the March ’09 intervention as the PML-N-led long march inched towards Islamabad?

Remember that? Back when Zardari was gullible enough to believe he had a shot at taking over Punjab, so he had CJ Dogar disqualify Shahbaz and then tried via Salmaan Taseer and sundry opportunistic jiyalas to form a government with the Q-League, only to push the Sharifs into the arms of Iftikhar Chaudhry and trigger a long march to Isloo that ended with Kayani picking up the phone and suggesting the PPP back down?

Five years on, we could be heading for the next version of a Kayani moment. And if — when? — the story is told, it may just begin with this let’s-invoke-the Constitution, suspend-the-high-court’s-suo-motu-juris­­diction, call-in-the-army-and-save-Isloo nonsense.

Save Isloo from what? Depending on whom you ask, there are two stories — at least on the security side of the tale.

The first is that the boys are seriously concerned about the militant threat that has taken up residence in the rural areas/new settlements on the outskirts of Islamabad proper.

Having decided that the threat needs to be countered now and that the civilian law-enforcement and intel apparatus isn’t up to scratch, the boys want to act. But for them to act, they need another threat neutralised first: the courts.

The troubles with the courts on the missing persons’ front are now long-running. And that’s with missing persons picked up in the middle of nowhere and stuffed away for years also in the middle of nowhere.

Imagine an army-led operation on the outskirts of Islamabad, with a hyperactive judiciary ever ready to leap into the fray and residents having access to courts and cameras. Suddenly, the army is the bad guy again and in a world of legal trouble.

So, the constitutional protection offered by Art 245 — over and above that provided by regular law mandating troop deployments — is what the army wants.

Nawaz, according to this theory, resisted at first, but when the conversation is about security and the boys have their heart set on something, the boys usually get their way.

The other story is a bureaucratic one. In the telling of this tale, the PML-N leadership, dependent on and clueless without its ace bureaucrats, was convinced by the bureaucrats that a) the security threat to Isloo is serious and imminent and b) the army is needed, but that the army won’t come unless cloaked in Art 245.

Again, the PML-N leadership, in the telling of this tale, was reluctant to do what the super bureaucrats wanted, but then, as the threat level and urgency increased, eventually acquiesced.

So much for the security angle.

Now to the only thing that may really be on the mind of the PML-N: politics.

The PML-N is either in panic mode or being too clever by half. Either way both versions of why Islamabad needs the army under Art 245 right now suggest the N-League is heading towards its own version of a Kayani moment.

Assume story A is correct. That means the boys have bullied their way into Islamabad and turbocharged the national conversation about a mini martial law — all of this on the eve of Aug 14 and Khan’s arrival in the capital.

Succumbing to pressure from the boys now would mean panic mode has set in in the PML-N leadership. For if caught in a vice, why help it along?

Or assume story B is correct. That would mean the PML-N knows there is a legitimate threat to Islamabad, but the timing of Art 245 is about the N-League brain trust being too clever by half — essentially, playing politics with security.

In this version, the PML-N thinking would be: Imran is coming, let’s wrap the army around ourselves as tightly as we can and then we’ll see what he — or they — can do to us.

Either way — whether 245 stays or not — or if its panic mode for the PML-N or too clever by half, the political ground has shifted already.

Imran is coming. The N-League is deeply anxious about the army. Mistakes, big ones, are being made.

Is a Kayani moment à la March ’09 around the corner? And if it is, what will Raheel do?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 27th, 2014

Election narratives

AS the unravelling of Imran and the PTI into an anti-democratic force accelerates, the narrative of last year’s elections is increasingly being shaped by him. For this, credit to Imran’s tenacity — audacity? — and the N-League’s bungling.

But all the PTI and the PML-N have really done — so far — is demonstrate that elections and the narrative surrounding them are too important to be left to politicians alone.

A year on, all we have is Imran jeering loudly and the PML-N protesting weakly and everyone else now beginning to have doubts about what exactly happened a year go.

But a year ago, it’s worth remembering, there were three separate narratives in three phases: early 2013; April 20 onwards; and May 11.

Undemocratic and selfish as it may be, Imran Khan is on to something.

Through the first quarter of 2013, conventional wisdom had it that the PML-N would win the largest number of seats in parliament, but would fall short of a majority; the PTI would dominate in KP; and PPP would hold in rural Sindh and possibly make some gains in south Punjab.

Then, when tickets were finalised and Imran really began to campaign three weeks before the elections, the mood seemed to change — and so did the assessments. The PTI’s 30-40 seats looked like it may get bumped up to 60-70, inevitably at the cost of the PML-N.

Until then, PML-N had looked good for 90-odd seats of the 272 directly elected, with the more optimistic assessments having them close to 110. Imran’s surge post-April 20 initially seemed to jeopardise the N-League’s 90-odd floor.

But then there was a late twist, with Nawaz himself embarking on a multi-city, multi-rally campaign that left everyone hedging their bets: N-League would end up somewhere between the original floor and ceiling estimates of 90 and 110 seats.

That just reflected the immense uncertainty on May 11. PML-N would win the most seats, everyone was sure. But how much had Imran’s late campaign surge hurt the N-League and how much damage control had Nawaz managed through his even later campaign surge nobody knew.

And then came the bit that Imran would like everyone to forget: May 11 itself, where everyone, even the PML-N, was proved wrong.

Until May 11, the guess — and it was really just a guess because polling and data analysis is so rudimentary here — had been that any per cent of the vote above the historical high-water mark of roughly 46pc would go to the PTI.

That seemed to make sense for several reasons. The PML-N had run a stodgy campaign; the flair and flash was all with the PTI; and incumbency, even at the provincial level, was supposed to hurt a party at the next election — so why would any new voter opt for the PML-N over the PTI?

Sound as that analysis seemed, it suffered from a basic flaw: it was based on historical patterns whereas May 11 was a historic election.

Essentially, on May 11 Pakistani politicians and pundits discovered that they don’t exactly know what makes the Pakistani voter tick. Which, if you thought about it, isn’t that surprising because the Pakistani voter had — until May 11, 2013 — never been given a shot at deciding for himself what he thinks.

Nobody seriously thinks that May 11, 2013 was free and fair. But it was certainly more credible and acceptable than the election that preceded it and the one before that and the ones before that in the ’90s.

So, if you’re not Imran, what other — plausible — theory may be out there to explain the results in essentially Punjab in May ’13? How did the turnout surge and yet the PTI barely registered in the victory column in the province?

There is an explanation that the PTI would rather ignore: in tandem with the electronic media, the PTI convinced people of the importance of their vote — but wasn’t good enough at convincing voters to vote for the PTI.

To put it another way, the decision to vote was separate from the decision whom to vote for. Or if not entirely separate, the decision to vote was not entirely dictated by whom to vote for.

The PTI and the electronic media were fantastically good at convincing people that voting mattered more than it had before, but once voters got down to thinking about whom to cast their vote for, the PTI made less of a compelling case.

Which, again in hindsight, looks like a perfectly logical explanation and, if you think about it, a good one to boot.

What was Imran’s campaign all about? It was built on a tripod of anti-corruption, anti-incumbency and anti-West/War on Terror. From the beginning, there were doubts about whether that shallow message could gain deep enough traction in a first-past-the-post system.

So is Imran really just insulting the intelligence and maturity of the Pakistani voter when for the very first time they were given the chance to vote intelligently and maturely and, arguably, that’s exactly what they did?

No. Undemocratic and selfish as it may be, Imran is on to something. In a first-past-the-post system, you just need one vote more than the next guy to win. If you can’t captivate the voter, but your opponent doesn’t inspire them either — there’s always an opportunity.

In May ’13, the PTI established itself as a serious contender for power. The party barely won any seats in Punjab, but in large chunk of the contests they finished a credible second. One switch is all that it will take for Punjab to go from the green column to the red and green column.

If you’re Imran, you can’t be sure of sustaining your challenge through till 2018. So why not roll the dice now and hope for the best?

Power, after all, is so much sexier than democracy.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 20th, 2014

Waiting for change

LAST year was supposed to be the year of change: new parliament, new government, new army chief, new chief justice.

Until they went, nothing would change. After they were gone, some things could change.

And yet, here we are, halfway through 2014, and the oldest debate of them all is back: democracy or something else?

It’s barely necessary to catalogue the failures. A new parliament arrived, but the parties who could energise it are led by men who have no interest in parliament.

Here we are, halfway through 2014, and the oldest debate of them all is back: democracy or something else?

Nawaz, Zardari, Imran — you can’t even imagine them working up a yawn at the mention of parliament.

A new government arrived, but it had done no homework and took a while to get going. When it finally did get going, it turned out reforms and reorientation were not part of its plans.

And when the plans it did have began to materialise, they turned out to be not so terribly impressive after all. See, electricity sector, revised growth rate and a bunch of buses.

A new chief justice arrived, but he seemed so haunted by the extravagance of his predecessor that he appeared to forget the judiciary has a real job to do.

Egregious as much of CJ Iftikhar’s reign was, he also picked some brave fights. That’s why while the rest of Pakistan mocked Arsalan Iftikhar’s awful appointment, the Baloch were relatively quiet — they remember who it is that made missing persons a national issue.

What did the last CJ do? Nothing would be a generous answer.

His judiciary couldn’t even decide if military men can be tried by civilian courts — a settled question of law only unsettled by the powers-that-be because of missing persons. Heck, his judiciary couldn’t even decide who’s supposed to run the PCB. Does anyone even remember his name just a week into retirement?

And then, and then there is the new chief. Last chief thrown under the bus, new chief marching towards glory in NWA. Except IDPs everywhere and the militants have already melted away.

What’s the plan after? Where was the plan before? How does planning a battle mean winning a war? Sure, violence will come down for a while. Or maybe that’s the plan: by the time violence bubbles up again in a year or two, it’ll be the next guy’s problem.

So if 2013 didn’t quite work out, what next?

The safe answer is to counsel patience: it’s only just begun; give them time.

Which is fair enough. Except agreeing they should be given more time doesn’t mean that expectations can’t already be recalibrated.

What will rejuvenate parliament this term? Nawaz, Imran, Zardari? Really?

Sure, the longer you don’t do something, the more the pressure will build to do it. Nawaz hated going to parliament, but parliament also hated being ignored — so eventually Nawaz had to turn up there again.

Similarly, after the Senate switches next March, the N-League will be left with nowhere to hide if the legislative wheel still doesn’t turn. Something will have to be done.

Already, Imran baying for blood has made electoral reforms an issue. And there’s the 18th Amendment template ready to be rolled out again. So zero is neither an option nor likely.

But it won’t — can’t — get dramatically better because the class of 2013 is pretty much like the class of 2008. Both leader and follower see the leader’s home as the true fulcrum of political power, not parliament.

Raiwind, Banigala, Bilawal House, and the various other residences in various other cities and countries are where decisions are made. Parliament is where already-taken decisions are formalised.

So scratch parliament as a possible hub of change until 2018, probably at least 2023.

What about the government? Thirteen unlucky months into power there is no good — good — reason to give it a failing grade. Because while much of the political capital from May ’13 has already dissipated, there is still one unquestionable reality.

Nawaz Sharif is a legitimately elected, genuinely popular politician from Punjab who has lived through everything and knows everything he needs to know to ever turn this country around.

Yet, arguably, in that very solution lies the problem. If Nawaz gets it wrong, everything goes wrong.

Which brings us back to why there is no good reason to give his government a failing grade: politics, unhappily, is not always about good reasons.

Already, the most that is being said in defence of Nawaz’s government is that there is no obvious way to bring it down nor are the boys particularly keen on doing so.

Which, if you think about it, is a bit of a damning indictment.

So, on to the judiciary. Awful as the reign of Chaudhry may have been, the new lot seem to have forgotten what the original problem was: the judiciary has never been able to take its rightful space alongside the executive and the legislature as a co-equal institution.

Or, to put it simply, the judiciary has never been taken seriously by the government of the day, always been crushed by it.

While we’re not quite back to pre-Chaudhry days, the court’s docility and the government and boys’ willingness to play games is looking ominous. Let’s just say the PPO wouldn’t have had a long life under Chaudhry.

And the new chief of the boys? He’s got a month of changes coming up in October, the first real chance to shape his team. After that he’s effectively got a year and a half to do what he can.

Goodbye change.

Is anyone still wondering why Imran still resonates so much?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 13th, 2014

Two chiefs, one army

YOU gotta love the boys. Admire them even. They’ve elevated this stuff to an art form.

Throw the previous guy under the bus, then ride that jalopy to your own version of Gloryville. Once there, hang around until everyone figures out you’re no better than the last chap.

Then, hand over the mess to the next chap and assume the position — it’s your turn to be thrown under the bus. For the glory of the institution!

In all of this silliness of boo to the last chief/hail to the new chief, it’s easy to forget we’ve seen all of this before.

It’s not how they start that matters because they all start well. It’s how they end that matters.

Kayani was the anti-Musharraf, Musharraf the anti-Karamat, Beg wasn’t Zia, Zia wasn’t Yahya — each different, until they became the same, ie passed on a mess bigger than they had inherited.

But the past is another country. To the present. The Kayani doctrine is dead, long live the Raheel doctrine.

Except, really? Back to toggling, back to that other country.

From the front page of this newspaper, Nov 30, 2010:

“In detailed comments on the military’s approach to North Waziristan Agency, the senior official said, ‘(The US) has an increased focus on North Waziristan for understandable reasons’.

“But the official added there was serious domestic cause for concern, too: ‘Most terrorist attacks inside Pakistan originate from North Waziristan. So the question is not if but when and how to tackle it militarily’.”

It was a background briefing, so his name couldn’t be printed. Four years on, we don’t have to be so coy.

Officially, Kayani gave three reasons for not going into NWA then: wrapping up the South Waziristan operation first; blowback in Pakistan proper, in terms of terror attacks and IDPs; and the lack of a political consensus.

Unofficially, there were two other — arguably, more fundamental — reasons: shielding the Haqqanis; and waiting out the American ‘do more’ mantra on NWA — because an American connection would fuel the militants’ propaganda.

Put all of that together and one year always loomed large: 2014.

And here we are, in 2014, a military operation in North Waziristan under way. The Kayani doctrine doesn’t look so dead after all, does it?

Too complicated, almost conspiratorial? Only if you’re more interested in seeing Raheel crowned as the next saviour-in-chief, the latest general worshipped by his adoring masses.

Conversely, there is nothing really to be had in denying Raheel the glory about to come his way. In politics and war, credit usually goes to the guy who’s around when a job gets done. It’s just the way things work.

But there is a deeper problem with this Decisive Raheel/Dithering Kayani business: it ignores the historical pattern, and it’s possible continuation into the present.

Kayani too was decisive once. As was Musharraf. As was, probably, Zia. It’s not how they start that matters because they all start well. It’s how they end that matters. But in the beginnings do lie clues about what the end may look like.

Already we have an IDP crisis, the very thing the army knew — what Kayani knew and what Raheel knows — should not happen. The difference is, Raheel’s army has been in the counter-insurgency business for a decade. Kayani’s army largely learned on the job.

Well, the boys would argue that the problem is the same as it always has been: the civilians aren’t up to scratch. And this time it’s even worse because Nawaz was unwilling to even accept that an operation was necessary.

The army can’t do everything, but neither can it stand by and do nothing — the, possibly not unreasonable, army contention is.

OK, so move on to the next big thing: what next? The army will do reasonably well at pushing out militants from NWA and retaking lost territory. Then, the civilians will have to do their job, to provide administration, justice, development and reforms.

Already though everyone knows that won’t happen — arguably cannot happen while a massive troop presence is on the ground. If you’ve ever seen a civil servant or local politician around even a junior military officer, you wouldn’t even need to ask why.

So then why do this at all, when counter-insurgency will slowly sink into the quagmire of civilian ineptitude and civ-mil imbalance?

Again, the same answer from the boys: we know we can’t do everything, but neither can we stand by and do nothing. The corollary: some results are better than no results.

Again, both are not unreasonable contentions. Something really had to be done about North Waziristan.

Still, if the same problems and compromises of the past are already spilling into the present, then where does that leave soon-to-be hero Raheel’s purposefulness?

The same as where it left Kayani’s. With one difference though: the era.

Kayani was a squeezed-in-the-middle general. There was nothing really for him to do in his era. Musharraf caught the start of the militant explosion/war in Afghanistan and had to make the big decisions, eventually botching them.

Raheel is around for the beginning of the next phase — and may have to make some of the next big decisions.

Some of those decisions are path dependent. Fata will never be the same. The army is there to stay. Afghanistan too will never be the same. The army needs to prevent it from spilling into Pakistan.

But some decisions will depend on Raheel’s mettle. To wit, will he be the general to at long last subordinate narrow military strategy to the much wider national-security strategy?

Or would he rather be the next saviour-in-chief, trying to save us all until he can’t even save himself?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, July 6th, 2014

Sifting through

BEFORE the month-long snooze mode is switched on and collective hibernation begins, some thoughts on events in recent months, aka WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED?

There we were, coasting along, the veneer of an economic recovery to go with the veneer of relative security and stability to go with the veneer of everything is OK.

And then, all hell breaks loose. Everything changes. But no one actually changes. Down is up and up is down and yet everyone is still standing.

Who said what? Why? Say what? Never mind.

Here, in no particular order, some random thoughts about seemingly random events.

Imran Khan is unwilling to come to terms with the fact that he isn’t prime minister.

Pop goes the weasel: The nature of TV and the easily divertible national attention span means Qadri isn’t done yet. So strap yourself in for the rollercoaster that Pakistan can be.

But here’s the thing with rollercoasters: they all come to a gentle stop, everyone gets off and life goes on. And so it will be with Qadri.

Because while anything is possible in Pakistan, some things are less possible than others. And Qadri — obscure, foreign, eccentric, niche — will always be a sideshow, never the showstopper.

The same two questions apply to Qadri as they have to the anti-democrat puppets before him and as they will to the anti-democrats after him: how far will the boys take it and even with full-on support of the boys, how the heck do you do take it down, ie the post-18th Amendment, constitutionally protected government?

To neither question is there an answer that’s plausible or works in Qadri’s favour. Which brings us to the next issue.

The long view: The boys are up to something. No doubt about it. It’s not even credible anymore to ask whether they are or aren’t. The more interesting question: what, exactly, are they up to?

As ever, there are only strands and signals and a lot of reading tea leaves and separating signal from noise. Here’s a good starting point though: Musharraf. Not because there’s any great love for Musharraf or that he matters personally.

But it’s what putting Musharraf on trial means. It means a lot. Exactly what everyone clamouring to put Musharraf on trial is claiming it would mean.

And that’s precisely the problem for the boys: Musharraf today, tomorrow who? Here’s the thing though, the tomorrow isn’t really about tomorrow or the day after or next year or the year after that.

It’s about the long view. What makes the boys the boys is that they’re the only ones who actually have a long view.

Of course, that can be a good thing or a bad thing. A good thing if the long view is visionary, about transcending the institution and thinking about the national good. A bad thing if the long view is self-referential, self-serving and inward-looking.

No points for guessing which version of the long view trumps the other one here. And that’s why Musharraf, dialogue with the bad Taliban and civilian friendliness towards India is so problematic. Because in the long run all of those impact the internal, domestic predominance of the boys.

So, how to square the long view with present events? The same way it was eventually squared with Zardari: harry and harass the civilians, now the PML-N, every little while so that they’re pushed into a defensive crouch and survival is all that’s on their minds.

If the civilians accept that equation, long may democracy prosper. If they don’t, a calibrated increase in pressure — with the implicit threat that there are no red lines.

Which brings us to the civilians.

Confusion central: The politics of the PTI has come down to this: Imran Khan is unwilling to come to terms with the fact that he isn’t prime minister.

He thought it was his, he still thinks it’s his destiny and he just won’t let electoral reality sink in. From that flows everything we’re seeing about the PTI.

And in that also lies the limit to the efficacy of Khan’s politics of agitation. He won’t team up with others, he won’t fall in line behind anyone else, and he can’t do it — bring down the government — on his own.

Settling in: Having ridden out a storm that it’s still not clear he was aware he was in the midst of, Nawaz is ready for more.

Two big decisions await him: a cabinet reshuffle and the next DG ISI. If he wanted to, in making those decisions Nawaz could hit the re-set button. But he’s more likely to be Nawaz.

Which means, internally, in party decisions, he’ll likely favour the old loyalist and keep the young go-getter at arm’s length. So a new cabinet may be much like the old: a governance liability, a loyalty win and of little use in crisis.

DG ISI? It is, in some ways, trickier than COAS. The DGI is both operational and policy. And it is, as an organisation, a maze that perhaps even an experienced COAS does not fully understand.

Will Nawaz choose; will he defer to Raheel’s choice; is there a candidate out there who can take the organisation by the scruff of its neck and effect real change? A game-changer — that word again! — could be a civilian outsider, but recent events make boldness unlikely. Expect a conservative, institutional choice.

Musharraf is the wild card. Nawaz is still not willing to let him go. Not letting him go would mean suffering more attacks and keeping civ-mil toxic. The sensible compromise: drag it out, let the pre-trial legal manoeuvring wind along endlessly. Mumbai ATC trials, anyone?

For now, enjoy the hibernation, but with one eye open — Ramazan is a good time for terror.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 29th, 2014

Dead wrong

IN the middle of the dirty deed and the ugliness — monstrousness? — of what was perpetrated, the mind raced to two conclusions. And both made the heart sink.

Why now? Because it was the best darn moment. An operation had been announced, the prime minister had reluctantly owned it, the gap between civ-mil had narrowed, the army was distracted — now was the moment to strike.

Because now was the moment they could get away with it.

All this talk over the PML-N losing the plot and derailing a national consensus against militancy hours after it emerged and disastrously moving the national conversation back to why the N-League is unfit to rule misses the point: this was the week to do it because the boys were busy and the likely repercussions few.

The problem is the dead bodies. And the live bullets fired into a crowd of civilians. And the breathless, live, on-the-spot reporting.

But why do it at all?

Qadri is a nuisance, but he’s hardly a threat. And he’s only a threat to the extent the boys back him. But even if the boys are backing him, we’ve been here before and his march on Islamabad has failed before.

So why obsess over a threat that has been neutralised before?

Take your pick. Qadri is the weakest link in the boys’ chain. Precisely because he’s vulnerable and can’t hit back, he makes for a good target.

You’re the PML-N. You’re Nawaz. You’re sick of all the blows you’ve absorbed in recent weeks without even getting in a punch or two of your own. You want to make the point that you’ve felt the pain and that you’re still willing to fight. So you whack Qadri — or Qadri’s supporters anyway.

Or you’re the PML-N. At its core, the unreformed, unreconstructed PML-N is about the cold and calculated use of violence against opponents to protect its turf.

Qadri & co were running around mocking you. Making the tiger look like a pussycat. Pride was being dented, but, more importantly, reputation was being hurt too.

Imran did it last year and now every Tom, Rashid and Qadri thinks they can get in on the act. But not in Lahore. Not in Punjab. A lesson had to be taught.

Now, the signal has been sent. Hunting the tiger ain’t going to be no fishing expedition. There will be a price to pay. The pretenders to the throne will have to show what they’ve got.

And so it would have come to pass. If only the PML-N had figured out one additional thing: the changed media landscape. Specifically, the electronic and social media.

That Gullu Butt has gone viral and become a cultural meme isn’t the problem. In fact, he’s spawned a thousand jokes and all of them work to the PML-N’s advantage because they draw attention away from the dead bodies.

But the problem is the dead bodies. And the live bullets fired into a crowd of civilians. And the breathless, live, on-the-spot reporting.

If nothing else, you would have thought the PML-N would have waited for Geo to be back on air before laying siege to Qadri’s Lahore HQ. Maybe Geo’s coverage wouldn’t have been sympathetic, but neither would it have been cheerleading for the demise of the government the way the still-on-air big boys were this week.

OK, the Pemra suspension meant that the window of opportunity would have been too small between Geo getting back on air and TUQ arriving in Pakistan. Still doesn’t change the point: what the hell did the PML-N think was going to happen if they sent in the police to disperse a crowd in front of live, very hostile TV cameras?

Aha, there you go. The PML-N will pounce on that as proof that it was all unplanned and definitely not green-lighted at the very top. Except, not really. All that does is prove that they still don’t get the new media world they’re living in.

Which itself is a strange thing, given the almighty scare they were given by the PTI and its TV and social media push during the last election. A scare that led to the PML-N going out and looking for an ally in the world of TV and co-opting the biggest and baddest media beast in the land, Geo.

But forget Geo and TV for a minute. What can be kept off air can’t be kept offline. Social media’s reach may be limited for now — 3G and an internet boom, anyone? — but it has an outsize effect because so many in the media use it.

So the rage and anger over the Lahore killings would have burned through quickly enough and radiated onto TV. There was really nowhere to hide.

Which again leaves you with the question, what the hell were they thinking?

Everything — everything — that has been done to this government to make it vulnerable, to reduce its space to manoeuvre, to open it up to assault has been done through the media.

And here was the PML-N, giving the media, TV and social, everything it could have ever dreamed of and more.

The PML-N will survive Lahore and TUQ won’t bring down the government. But several truths have again been put up in big bold letters.

The PML-N is stuck in a pre-1999 mode. The PML-N will react under pressure. The PML-N will eventually choose the wrong option.

As for the anti-democrats, they will try again. And if anyone wanted to write it, they could write Gen R’s speech in five minutes flat. Today.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 22nd, 2014

Heroes and villains

LET’S play a little game. Call it alternate reality. There is a place called Pakistan. It has a power called the boys. The boys own everything, decide everything, do everything — as long as that everything is good.

Responsibility for the bad stuff is never theirs. Responsibility for the bad stuff belongs to some schmucks called civilians. At the moment, the chief fall guy is someone called Nawaz.

So, the boys decide to pound a place called North Waziristan. Quite why, nobody knows. But since we are in an alternate universe, we can make up a reason.

Say, one of those international friends the boys pretend to hate but secretly work with and always take their money rang up the boys.

Because they love their games, the boys know when not to push their luck.

Umm, boys, there’s something cooking in that NWA backyard of yours and it looks bad. If you don’t do something about it, we will. Good luck and hope you guys enjoyed the bag of goodies we sent last week. Bye for now from Langley.

The boys love their games. But precisely because they love their games, they know when not to push their luck.

They wallop a tiny part of North Waziristan. Better the boys do it before someone else does — or before North Waziristan becomes the place the next 9/11 was planned.

So far so good. Makes some kind of sense.

As does what comes next. The foreigners who get walloped in North Waziristan don’t take very kindly to it. They decide to retaliate. Something spectacular, something to grab the attention.

Something like an attack on the country’s biggest airport in the country’s biggest city. Say, like the airport in Karachi.

Now, here’s the problem. You’re Nawaz. Everyone’s blaming you for what went wrong in Karachi and falling over themselves to praise the boys for saving the day

But you’re thinking, hang on. I didn’t want this. I didn’t authorise this. I wanted dialogue. And dialogue was working — because nothing, nothing much anyway, was getting hit.

Then the boys decide to go and pound a bunch of foreign militants for God knows what reason and the militants decide to strike back and now Karachi is my fault, how?

Since you’re Nawaz in a parallel universe, you can afford to be blunt.

Nawaz: OK, you boys wanted to take out some foreign militants, but what the hell did you think would happen? That the survivors would shrug and move on, like they’re a bunch of Pakistanis?

Nawaz: And if you knew the foreigners would attempt something monumental, what the hell did you do to try and prevent it? Or were your intel boys too busy keeping Geo off air to, y’know, do their job?

Nawaz: Had anyone — anyone — among you boys thought it would be a good idea to complement the action in North Waziristan with emergency intel-led operations in the logical blowback zones of Pakistan proper?

In this alternate universe, Nawaz would be on the warpath and the boys would have a lot to answer for.

But we live in Pakistan. Where the real PM is in deeper trouble while the troublemakers are the saviours.

Oh, and in the real world, let’s have a look at what’s going on with the Airport Security Force that’s been so maligned this week.

Here, verbatim, is an excerpt from a typed-on-plain-white-paper note written by an ASF-er in July 2013:

“On 30th April [2013] TTP leader Ehsan ulah ehsan claimed that he has assets (accomplices) at airports. One wonders about the possibility of having such assets in ASF, the force primary responsible for the security and safety of aviation industry. If that, God forbade be the case terrorism can unfortunately add bloodiest chapters in the history of mankind.

“So, can it be? If you check the pulse of the force even an outsider can gauge that this department is in perils. The crippled morale and disgruntled H.R, no wonder can give away such assets to trouble finders like TTP.”

Forgive the language; focus on the sentiment. Why is the ASF’s morale crippled and the organisation on the verge of collapse? According to the ASF-er’s note, reason no 1, again reproduced verbatim:

“Story of ASF that bears burnt of army hegemony and subjugation due to MPML [Manual of Pakistan Military Law], under the blotted eyes of former ministry of Defense. Under these DMS shoes [standard-issue army boots] one can not be heard, can not approach to redress the grievances. This lot of 11000 men is virtual slave of The Boys without any fundamental rights or coherent law.”

Don’t take this anonymous ASF-er at his word. Assume he’s exaggerating by fifty per cent. Maybe he’s got an axe to grind.

But who’s going to dig deep and tell you the real story? The media that’s been falling over itself to praise the boys for their gung-ho response?

Ra ra ra, go, boys, go. Nawaz is the problem. Down with Nawaz! To hell with democracy. Pakistan needs to be saved.

Sure, Nawaz has got it wrong again. Where he’s picked battles — Musharraf — he’s had no real plan. Where battles have been thrust on him — Geo — he hasn’t been able to adapt. And where everyone thought he would pick a battle — India — he’s done nothing.

But note the symmetry in those battles: on one side, Nawaz; on the other side, the boys. So, is democracy what’s really our problem or you-know-who?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 15th, 2014

Darbar politics

ONCE the knife had been unsheathed, it was always going to be plunged in. Now, the first real loss has been suffered. What the boys gave, the boys have taken away: TV news will never be the same.

And whatever happens, the stain will remain: the transition has been hurt — time will tell how badly — and it’s happened on Nawaz’s watch.

Five days, fifteen days, fifty days, it doesn’t matter. A message has been sent: take on the ISI and there will be an immediate and lasting price to pay.

But before that, a principle has been established: at the top of the pile, in the big leagues, there’s room for only one narrative — and it sure isn’t the media that is going to decide what that is.

A principle has been established: at the top of the pile, in the big leagues, there’s room for only one narrative — and it sure isn’t the media that is going to decide what that is. Nawaz didn’t want this.

Nawaz didn’t want this. He had blocked a takedown of Geo. He didn’t want to sanction a suspension. But in the end, that’s exactly what has happened.

Sift through the debris of this most public of crises and the problem is there for all too see: Nawaz has been undone by Nawaz.

Isolated, aloof, plodding — a losing trifecta if ever there was one, but it gets worse when the unforeseen arises and the enemy is deft.

On this there can be little doubt: Nawaz didn’t want to lose this fight; he gets the implications of a controlled media; he knows how this can come back to haunt him.

And yet, right from the beginning, only one outcome seemed likely.

Because Nawaz had no plan. He was unable to react. He was unable to adapt. And his reflexes are non-existent.

Much of it stems from old Nawaz, pre-1999, eclipsing new Nawaz, 2008-2013.

By now the stories are legion. As are the tell-tale signs.

Dar’s budget speech meant Nawaz had to be in parliament. He came alright, but in his own way.

As he walked into parliament, the N-Leaguers applauded. Nawaz ignored them. Not even so much as a glance at his treasury benches.

Instead, as per prime ministerial custom, he worked the front benches of the opposition. Warm handshakes, a hug or two, smiles, waves, short conversations — the cameras clicked away.

Then, he took his seat — again, without so much as a glance at his backbenchers. No matter. Back benchers are a hardened lot. Their boss on the floor of the house means an opportunity to hurry over to his seat and say nice things and ask for urgent favours.

But nobody moved. By now they know better. Nawaz bristles at being accosted in parliament and the surest way for a PML-N MNA to ensure anything he needs done won’t get done is to try and engage Nawaz on the floor of the house.

It’s not just inside parliament though. Outside parliament, there’s a designated point man — he’s the chap the average PML-N MNA must approach, and he will decide whether to convey your message to the boss or not.

Sure, vintage Nawaz, you’re thinking. But it gets worse.

If you’re in, you’re in; if you’re out, you’re out — and there’s nothing you can do once the boss has decided which category you’re in. Even if you’re a minister.

Imagine a cabinet in which ministers have to plot and scheme to get an audience with their prime minister — even if it’s genuine, legitimate, government work they are trying to get done.

Should they approach Dar or should they approach Shahbaz — it’s a week-to-week, case-by-case calculation most ministers have to make when wanting to send Nawaz a message.

Most don’t even have the luxury of access to Dar and Shahbaz, so they are stuck with trying to cajole the super-bureaucrats who have positioned themselves as gatekeepers to the prime minster.

Few get very far. Most come away bitterly wondering if they had just met a civil servant or the prime minister himself.

But what’s worse? Always having been on the outside looking in or being one of the former insiders now frozen out?

The evening of Dar’s speech, there was an especially lonely figure several rows behind Nawaz.

Late last year, he was king of the pile. The adviser who bragged of having helped pick the next chief. The meetings with the boss were plentiful and lengthy.

Then, the adviser had the temerity to let it be known that he wanted a particular ministry. But Nawaz has someone else in mind for that slot when the cabinet reshuffle happens.

Now, the poor chap can’t even catch his PM’s eye. There’s nothing like being jettisoned from the top.

On and on the stories go. Of the self-styled heir to the Mughal throne. Of darbar politics. Of a prime minister who is so isolated, aloof and plodding that he’s unable to react when stuff happens.

The Geo debacle is only part of it. The inside and the periphery of the N-League has the look of a shocked bunch. Like they don’t quite know what happened or why. Like the past few months are only now beginning to sink in.

Like it’s suddenly sinking in that they’ve survived not because of the boss, but despite the boss.

For now, there’s just relief in the PML-N. Talk has turned to the budget — which means another year. Soon Ramazan will be upon us. Then Eid. Then the oppressiveness of August.

Which means: September. Until then, while the enemy plots its next move, the PML-N can breathe a bit.

Unless, that is, they start thinking about if Nawaz will be any better prepared for the next round.

The writer is a member of staff

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 8th, 2014

Lurching right

EVERY so often — ever so often? — the urge to curl up in a foetal position and shut out the world takes over. It’s a mad, mad world — always has been, always will be — but this?

Woman dead. Doctor dead. Depressing. Nauseating. Animals. Somebody stop them. Someone make it go away. The world is outraged and Pakistan is, allegedly, embarrassed — again.

But the outrage is largely manufactured. And in these particular cases it’s been manufactured from outside.

Things will go on changing, just not for the better.

Some do care here, but, really, most don’t. And until the outraged wrap their heads around that, nothing will change. Scratch that. Things will go on changing, just not for the better.

Ahmadis are harassed, intimidated, threatened, beaten and killed. It’s just the done thing. This particular death — the dead doctor — went global for two very simple, very obvious reasons: he was an American; he was a doctor volunteering to save lives here.

Had he been a Pakistani shopkeeper, you’d never have heard of him. You have though heard of Mehdi Ali — actually, his name probably registers less than 50-year-old US-based cardiologist — because he was a cardiologist based in the US and so the international media ran with the story.

Women are killed here routinely for marrying of their own choice. A thousand every year we’ve all now been told, news sourced from long-published reports that no one had read until they needed to give context to news of the dead woman in Lahore.

About that dead woman in Lahore. You know — or should know — why you’ve heard of Farzana Iqbal, née Parveen — actually, her name too probably registers less than the pregnant woman stoned to death outside the Lahore High Court.

Again, two very simple, very obvious reasons: someone inserted the word stoning in the original headline reporting her death; the murder happened outside the grand setting of a high court, as riveting a juxtaposition as they come.

Had Farzana been shot to death on her way to a local court in some small-bore district of rural Pakistan, you wouldn’t have heard of her. It’s not a hypothetical: go back and sift through the news since you heard of Farzana’s death and you’ll find other, new, anonymous deaths.

As for Farzana, clearly a victim, clearly a death that deserves firm justice, her backstory raises uncomfortable questions that few will want to ask.

Forget her dead sister, was Farzana complicit in the murder of her husband’s first wife? In a normal, functional country, she’d have at least been called in for questioning.

But in an abnormal, dysfunctional society, what does it matter if anyone else instigated the husband to murder his first wife — after all, the murderer himself was always going to be let off.

As will Farzana’s murderers. On appeal. Once the national gaze has moved elsewhere. Because there is no real anger here.

What little outrage there is has been forced upon us temporarily because the international community has made us feel embarrassed about the dead doctor and the dead woman by reminding us there is a dead doctor and a dead woman.

Eventually — soon? — the anger will shift towards the outside world. Always embarrassing us. Always undermining us. Always trying to put us down.

Some — the few genuinely outraged here — will pause to ask a familiar question, why are we this way as a people? Because the question is driven by emotion, the answers too will mostly be emotional: we’ve lost our way; we’re awful people; we’re a diseased nation; things are falling apart.

A few answers will be couched in the technical: institutional decay; broken judicial system; ineffective leadership.

The emotional and the technical may well both be right: the nation probably does need a collective shrink and the state many surgeons. But those answers can also miss the point.

In the dead doctor and the dead woman, two different but intertwined stories can also be told. One is that the basic building block of society here is not perceived to be the individual, it is believed to be the family, and, by extension, the community.

The Constitution guarantees individual rights, the law is designed to protect them — but few among the people here are really convinced that it is the individual who is foundational and of core importance.

Without that belief, rights will always be in jeopardy and the individual who steps out of line always in danger. If the enforcers don’t really believe in it and most of the intended beneficiaries don’t either, how do you protect and safeguard the rights of the individual?

That is partly the reason why Farzana is dead.

The second story is of a contest that everyone can see and feel, but few are willing to recognise for what it is: the orientation of state and society is being contested, but it is a contest between the extreme right and centre right.

So it’s not a question of whether there should be a new equilibrium for state and society, but how far to the right — in a religious, conservative, social sense — state and society should be pulled.

And that is a large part of the reason why Mehdi Ali is dead.

Sometimes, those two bigger, meta stories wrap around each other to leave us with a mess that is so ugly and so brutal that the mind sometimes struggles to comprehend it.

Farewell, dead doctor. Godspeed, dead woman. There will be more. Pakistan doesn’t want you. Back to the foetal position. 

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, June 1st, 2014

A softening veto

MODI tried to pull a fast one on Nawaz, and Pakistan. But Nawaz bit the bullet and may yet salvage the situation.

At least that’s the view here in the quarters that matter.

When the invitation came, it flummoxed the Nawaz camp. They’d really, really rather it not have come. Not at this time. Not in this way.

The civ-mil and internal situation was complicated enough. Now, the Nawaz camp felt, a hawk had tried to corner them. A trap had been sprung.

Huh? How does that work?

Nawaz has gambled. He’s called the Modi bluff.

A rejected invitation would have given Modi the perfect excuse: look, I tried, but there’s no one over there who can or will talk to us.

The upshot: the nationalist Modi would look magnanimous and yet not have to cede anything.

Normalisation would have been chucked into cold storage for a year or two. Modi would have been able to concentrate on his domestic agenda uninterrupted.

And Pakistan would have looked petty and venal on the global stage.

But Nawaz wants normalisation and he doesn’t want to wait a year or two. So he has gambled. He’s called the Modi bluff.

The upside? Modi can’t now baulk and still pin all the blame on Pakistan.

The downside? Possible yet-more friction with the boys.

But Nawaz has chosen. He’s going to Delhi. Which means the question here is, can Nawaz change the civ-mil dynamics at home?

When it comes to India and dealing with the civilians at home, the boys have developed a new strategy: the soft veto.

The soft veto is the boys letting the civilians test their ideas, but quietly — never overtly — discouraging the stuff they really don’t approve of.

It works something along the lines of: go ahead, do your thing, try your ideas — we won’t get in the way unless we think you haven’t really thought through the implications of what you’re doing.

Of course, both the civs and the boys have thought through the implications — but the two sides disagree fundamentally on a couple of things: the pace at which the implications will play out and the degree to which they should.

Yet, the soft veto itself betrays an opportunity: if there weren’t, the blunt and direct hard veto would be preferred and still in use.

What exactly is the opportunity though?

To begin with, the system has moved on somewhat. There is space for the civilians: the boys just can’t say no and expect that to automatically carry the day.

For immediate reference, have a look at the Musharraf trial and the TTP dialogue. Add going to India for Modi’s inauguration now.

But, as Nawaz has proved and may now be trying to unprove, the civilians have their own priorities — which means they won’t necessarily or swiftly capitalise on the space the system has created for them.

Yet, if the civilians don’t — or won’t — raise their game, could the soft veto itself be set for a further softening?

The soft veto itself is born of two different, if not quite opposing, views among the boys on India: the hawkish view and the moderate one.

The hawks’ view is simple: cold peace. You, India, do your thing; we, Pakistan, do our thing — and never shall the twain meet.

Strong, muscular army; just-enough trade; controlled visa regime; arms-length cooperation on an issue-to-issue basis; and never, ever giving up on a just and equitable settlement on Kashmir.

Since Mumbai, the hawks have been in the ascendant. Because an angry India is a threatening India.

The moderates though continue to exist. And, paradoxically, this may be their time.

The moderates view is a relative one, arguably ideology blunted by pragmatism, and can also be summed up neatly: Pakistan is falling behind India.

Yes, there must be a just and equitable settlement on Kashmir, but nothing just nor equitable happens to anyone who falls far behind a rival.

Yes, India was, is and will remain the country Pakistan has to worry about the most, but those worries will only compound themselves if India pulls away too much.

Economically. Diplomatically. Militarily. Pulling away, far, far away. India hasn’t done it yet, but what if it does?

Originally, the moderates’ concern focused on India growing several times at the rate Pakistan was.

But as India’s growth slowed, Pakistan’s internal security problems pulled it even lower, which meant the relative gap remained wide — troublingly wide, perhaps on its way to irreversibly wide, as far as the moderates were concerned.

The move from the hard veto to the soft veto had much to do with the moderates’ view. It made military/security sense and the hawks were not too threatened because they still had their veto.

Now though a triple whammy may be upon us, strengthening the moderates’ case and possibly softening the hawks’ veto further.

The domestic situation is bad and Afghanistan will be in flux again. So Pakistan is likely stuck in a trough for a while. But what if Modi does exactly what he campaigned on? Ie, gets India to soar again.

The relative gap — the Pak-India gap that concerns the moderates so — would widen into a chasm. And just when a Hindu nationalist is in power.

Everything the moderates, the pragmatist-ideologues, have ever feared could come together in one, big terrible mess of a bang.

So why not hold off on the veto and see what Nawaz can get out of Modi?

This could be the moderates’ time, finally.

Now, if only Nawaz knew how to make nice with the hawks.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Missing the point

WHY bother? It’d be like waking up from a nightmare and discovering you’re in a lunatic asylum. Where even the shrinks are crazy.

Something is unravelling. You can see it, you can feel it, but it’s hard to figure out exactly what. Is this a temporary convulsion, a harbinger, the end itself?

Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe all three. There’s just no way of knowing.

But in these complex times, there’s at least one simplicity: yet another government is missing the point.

See no crisis, hear no crisis, speak no crisis — three-monkeys-like, the PML-N seems to think that if it doesn’t react, nothing will happen.

But stuff is already happening. Nobody can explain the how, but folk are already sure about the why and the what: the powers-that-be want mid-term elections.

To put it more bluntly, the boys want Nawaz out. It starts with Musharraf. But there’s also dialogue with the TTP and relations with India. Then there are the noxious media wars that have erupted. And, if you want to get really psychological about it, if they hated Zardari, they fear Nawaz.

It’s a grim picture. Yes, Nawaz picked this fight over Musharraf. Yes, it was a bad idea. Yes, the army is really, really upset about it. But deploying the usual suspects to knock out a government?

Over an ex-chief and a dialogue that everyone seems to think isn’t going to work and trying to fix stuff with India without addressing its terrorism fears?

OK, fine. Let’s work with that for a minute.

They want him out. They want mid-term elections. They’re determined. They have options. They’ve convinced themselves. And now they’re convincing others.

But how are they going to do it? Harry and harass Nawaz until he quits? What if he doesn’t quit? Make Pakistan ungovernable?

And all because of — what? What is this great sin that Nawaz has already committed that justifies doing to him what wasn’t done to Asif?

Right, so no plausible answers to the only two questions that matter: does the situation really merit pulling the trigger and is there a trigger to pull in the first place?

Which means what it meant in the last round: plenty of doom and gloom that’s low on actual doom and high on manufactured gloom. I.E. Nawaz’s job is secure, but it will rarely look secure.

But there is a problem: already, Nawaz is starting to look like a passenger, not the driver. And it’s because he wants to focus on his agenda, not respond to events.

Events though have a nasty way of derailing agendas and mandates.

There may be no obvious link between the vicious media wars and Nawaz going about his business. There may also be no obvious link between the PTI politically harassing the PML-N and the government getting on with its infrastructure and investment plans.

But — and Nawaz knows this — politics isn’t always, or even necessarily, about substance, it’s about form too. And right now the PML-N is getting bent out of shape.

There’s nothing really the government can do about the media wars. Before it could even think about doing anything, it had already been accused of being on the anti-ISI side. And none of the warring barons give a monkey’s wrench about a government they know they aren’t answerable to.

And yet, doing nothing shouldn’t have been an option. Because doing nothing, saying nothing, has meant the government has made itself look irrelevant, a bystander.

Oh look, it’s the ISI pulling the strings again, folk are saying. Oh look, there’s something afoot, people are whispering.

And nowhere is the government.

There was another spectacular missed opportunity. Imran went public with his May 11 plan very late. Late in the sense of opportunity: Nawaz was headed to Iran and the details of such trips are worked out well in advance.

But if it was too late to line up a big announcement, why not at least try and steal some of Imran’s thunder?

After all, Nawaz and his PML-N have been beaten up over the $1.5bn Saudi gift, every last cent of which was supposed to be an anti-Iran payment. And here, just a couple of months later, Nawaz is roaming around Iran.

Sell it, dammit.

If you don’t have anything substantial, take the gimmicky route. A lion from Raiwind as a present! Is there even a photo that anyone can remember from that trip all of a week ago? A memorable comment? Any comment? A smile?

And this while Imran was in Islamabad — thundering about stolen mandates and rigged elections.

Nawaz had nothing to show on Iran, so he didn’t even try to dress it up. The PML-N doesn’t want to get burned — or burned anymore than it already has been — in the media wars, so it’s said nothing. What it has done is plod along and stick to its message: energy, economy, extremism. Great. Much needed. Vital.

But who the hell cares when the whole place seems on the verge of going to hell?

Nawaz is missing the point. It’s not that he doesn’t know what’s going on. It’s that he thinks he can set the agenda. The rest — the stuff everyone else is doing — is just noise to Nawaz.

Except it doesn’t work that way.

On message but out of touch isn’t a good combination for a government. Secure but irrelevant isn’t a good place to be. Safe in reality, but vulnerable in popular perception narrows your options.

The squeeze is on. But Nawaz seems unable to change gears or switch lanes. Which leaves him vulnerable to someone else doing it for him.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Published in Dawn, May 18th, 2014

Stumbling transition

SILLY season it may be, but that doesn’t mean it means nothing or that there aren’t any consequences.

The government isn’t falling. There is no coup happening. Life will go on. Yet, short of that, the transition is stumbling in subtle, but important ways.

PPP government last time round, PML-N government in the saddle right now — as different as different can be, but somehow, there’s a pattern repeating itself.

And the PML-N seems just as helpless and clueless as the PPP was.

Rewind to the first year and a half of the PPP stint. Once Musharraf was out, as the unity of the democratic forces frayed in a natural and inevitable way, the PPP quickly found itself under all sorts of pressure.

Because a lot of it was self-inflicted, it was hard to feel much sympathy. And there was no emerging pattern to be discerned back then.

But stuff did happen. Like the immediate slapping down after the ISI-under-the-interior-ministry fiasco. Like Zardari musing about no-first-strike and normalising ties with India and being patronisingly dismissed in private.

Mumbai changed everything, but it wasn’t enough. Infamously, the reaction to Kerry-Lugar happened.

What did it all mean? It was difficult to figure out then because Zardari was so eager to retreat anyway. Everything was about the one-point agenda: five full years.

But, with all the impreciseness of analogies and different sets of circumstances, now a pattern is emerging.

It’s bifurcation: you guys deal with the domestic stuff — economy, service delivery, infrastructure — we’ll deal with the big-boy stuff — foreign policy and key elements of national security.

And it’s happening to Nawaz now.

Somehow, 12-odd months into a civilian’s term in this latest, post-Mush round of transition, the civilians find themselves hounded.

The circumstances change, the actors are different, the facts elusive, but it’s a subtle shift that starts to enforce itself: coexistence is possible, but the boys will decide who gets what.

As with Zardari, with Nawaz too it’s hard to immediately figure out that the same pattern is imposing itself because much of the language of bifurcation is Nawaz’s own. So of his four Es, three of them are the soft stuff: energy, economy and education.

But the Balochistan package is the big, early sign of retreat. Fifty billion rupees, is it? Or maybe 30 billion will materialise in the end.

Who knows, who cares — the fact that a year into his third stint as prime minister, Nawaz’s grand plan for Balochistan is economic, not security, means the surrender is on.

If Nawaz wants to talk infrastructure and economy in Balochistan, what it really means is that he doesn’t want to talk about the other stuff.

The stuff he’s stepping away from. The stuff the boys control. The stuff that is the actual problem.

Or take India. The circle in the know on the trade deal knows why it was called off. But the PML-N took the blame and let itself look stupid. Why?

Because the alternative was to let everyone know what really happened — which would mean everyone would know who still wields the veto and who still doesn’t know what to do about it.

Now, you have this silliness of Imran’s. The PTI will swear it isn’t taking cues from the boys and is doing it’s own thing. Maybe it is.

But there’s this swirl of curious politics and thoughts are turning to dark matters, meaning this PTI silliness is having an effect.

An effect of the government looking briefly over its shoulder. An effect of the government beginning to see shapes in the shadows. An effect of the government wondering what may be afoot.

All of that translates into a government being pushed, slow motion, into a defensive crouch. It will never be visible to all. The government will still talk up all its projects and investments and roads and dams and sound like it’s doing exactly what it wants to do.

But that’s what governments do: talk a good talk.

If Nawaz allows himself to be corralled — and really, there’s little doubt that the corralling has begun — like Zardari did before him, then the bifurcation will become more and more apparent: one side doing what it can on the soft stuff; the other side still in charge of the stuff that really matters.

But if the civilians are so easy to bend and if neither Zardari nor Nawaz really know how to twist civ-mil towards the civilians, why is corralling so important? Why harry and harass and every little while turn up the political temperature just so?

Because a distracted enemy is an enemy never really in a position to plot an attack of its own.

Running around shouting down the PTI and Imran, pooh-poohing TuQ, dealing with dignity and pride issues in the rank and file and among the council of elders, holding hands to plead for patience — none of that leaves much time to try and wrest the big things away.

The core interests. Foreign policy. National security. Commercial empire. Budget demands. Job security of the chief.

But if Nawaz knows this and Zardari quickly figured it out, why do they still fall into the trap? Why not up the pace of the transition? Why accept bifurcation?

The only answer: Nawaz agrees with Zardari. One government, two government, three government, four — and maybe then it will be time.

Until then, you do your thing and let them do their thing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Here we go again

SILLY season is upon us again. Everywhere, a crisis.

Nowhere, allegedly, a government.

Karachi is reeling, politics is churning, dialogue is going nowhere, even load-shedding is back with a vengeance.

And Nawaz is in London.

So this is the theory: Nawaz has bitten off more than he can chew. He somehow goaded the military on Musharraf, unleashed a media favourite on the ISI and is clumsily defying a national consensus in favour of whacking the TTP.

Now, the counter-squeeze is on.

Hang on. Tahirul Qadri is relevant again? And Imran is going to use the street to bring down the PML-N government in Islamabad?

OK, good luck.

Meanwhile, in the real world, let’s try a more prosaic explanation instead.

What is Imran doing? He’s doing what any clever opposition with no chance in hell of either triggering an election or winning one right now would do.

He’s trying to keep alive whatever few doubts there are about the PML-N win in Punjab, to undermine in what­ever tiny way he can its legitimacy as a popularly elected government.

And he’s being Imran. Which means he’s figured out the politics of opposition: stay visible, stay loud, stay aggressive and don’t ever let your opponent monopolise the political narrative.

Beyond that, Imran’s got nothing — and everyone in the PTI knows that.

As does the PML-N, but Imran long ago got under their skins, hence all the N-Leaguers rising in agitation. That still doesn’t change reality.

And reality is this: politically, PML-N is pretty darn comfortable at the moment.

If there were an election tomorrow, the PML-N would probably double its seat count. They’re already looking pretty good for re-election in 2018. For everyone else, the first realistic shot is 2023.

Because this is politics. Where objective scorecards don’t matter, votes do. And right now, the PML-N is giving the voters pretty much what they want.

Start with the apparently worst performing bit of the lot: dialogue with the TTP. Maybe there won’t be a deal, maybe Nisar will fail, maybe Nawaz was wrong. Doesn’t matter.

Nawaz has already proved he is genuine. Genuinely concerned about protecting Punjab, genuinely interested in finding a peaceable solution, genuinely committed to making whatever concessions are needed.

If you’re a voter sitting in Punjab, what’s not to like about that? Your guy has got your back. He was even willing to stand up to the army to save your home from burning or your kids getting blown up on their way to school.

If dialogue fails now, at least it bought months of relative quiet. If dialogue fails now, at least it won’t be for a lack of trying. If dialogue fails now, why would you blame Nawaz?

And that’s the worst performing bit in the PML-N portfolio.

Or take the other thing that comes close: differences with the army over Musharraf and this perception that somehow the Geo war on the ISI was instigated by the PML-N.

The army is popular in Punjab and its middle classes. Much as Punjab and its middle classes may love Nawaz, they are unlikely to be happy about their trusted and vital state institutions coming under seemingly gratuitous attack.

But here’s the thing, a Pakistani thing: when two favourites fight, the impulse isn’t to pick sides, but to hope they hug it out.

So a conciliatory speech, a few photos of them sitting together, a few words from each side about how they love both democracy and the army — and everyone will be happy again. It’s the Pakistani way.

Electricity could have hurt Nawaz — in the same way the last election was a referendum on electricity. But Nawaz and his lieutenants have been clever, getting the messaging right, even if stumbling on actual reform of the electricity sector.

So, as blackouts spiked, out came Abid Sher Ali with his fabulous plan to punish symbols and institutions of the state for not paying their bills. No one will be spared! It was great theatre.

Meanwhile, the men with the gravitas, Khwaja Asif and Nawaz himself, are pleading for patience and promising they will deliver by the time their term is up — essentially using personal capital to blunt the very sharpest edge of public criticism.

If those are the bad bits and the vulnerabilities, it doesn’t take much to imagine the good bits are looking a whole lotta good right now.

Remember, this is politics. It’s what the voter thinks that matters, not whether the performance meets some theoretical bar of approval.

So, where’s the crisis?

The danger, to the extent there is some, remains the opposite of what the conspiracy theorists are peddling.

It’s not that Nawaz can’t get his way — on Musharraf, on dialogue, on whatever. It’s not that Nawaz is there for the taking, in Punjab or in Islamabad. It’s not that Nawaz is out of his depth.

It’s what happens once all of that is proved wrong and Nawaz is once again master of all that he surveys. Fear the all-powerful Nawaz, not the man who is still inching his way towards there.

As for conspiracies, try this counter-conspiracy on for size. Hasn’t the PTI effectively ridden to the rescue of Geo by switching the topic from the Geo-ISI feud?

Wasn’t the PML-N’s fiercest complaint in the run-up to last May’s election that the media was rooting for the PTI? Is this exquisitely timed, great ratings tamasha the PTI repaying Geo for last year?

Ah, conspiracies. You can spin them any which way. Still, doesn’t change reality.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The end of dissent

AS with Saleem Shahzad, the honest and the unflinching can guess what happened to Hamid.

As with Saleem Shahzad, the honest and the unflinching will tell you that if they think they made you or own you, they do not forgive betrayal — ever.

As with Saleem Shahzad, the honest and the unflinching can predict how this will eventually be spun: a necessary aberration; an exception, not the rule; private business.

But this isn’t just about Hamid. Nor is it — unless you’re chronically delusional or in self-interested denial — about one photo, one name and one accusation in the wake of an attack.

So, what is this unprecedented, scary and open warfare all about?

First, forget what the protagonists are claiming. All are dissembling. Geo/Jang, Geo’s rivals, the ISI — at best they’re telling us a sliver of the story, the respective slivers that make each of them look righteous and rightly aggrieved.

Also, a digression is necessary. When Musharraf unleashed the electronic media, it wasn’t exactly for reasons of altruism or the public good. It was to copy the Indian model.

Kargil helped demonstrate the possibilities of a nascent electronic media: Indian nationalism whipped up credibly and pervasively by privately owned news channels propagating urban, middle-class values. It was beyond anything the stodgy, state-run Doordashan — or PTV — could ever have dreamed of.

There was an added impetus for the army here: in the pre-cable era of satellite TV and dish antennae, the perceived Indian propaganda was flowing directly into Pakistani homes unhindered.

Neither, then, could the enemy’s propaganda be fully kept out nor were its effects on the enemy population anything short of riveting — so why not replicate the model in Pakistan?

But there is such a thing as too much of a good thing. Again, back to Musharraf: once sold on the idea, he wasn’t interested in limiting its spread. Anyone who wanted a channel could have one. And Musharraf didn’t care too much about what was said on air or what the channels got up to.

By the time Musharraf was gone, the channels had started to figure out the power they had. And none more so than Geo, which played the game as though it had invented it.

Eventually, it became obvious that a course correction would be sought. Which brings us to the present. This — this war — is about control.

It is about narrative and who owns it. It is about framing issues, especially India, and who gets to call the shots. It is about re-establishing the original order and reinforcing hierarchies. To the media: make your money, do your thing, but play by the rules — our rules.

Geo/Jang’s sins are legion — and those are just the ones we know about. The group may have once had a journalistic core, but it’s long since been eclipsed by influence peddling and agenda setting — and making eye-watering sums while doing so.

What’s playing out now though isn’t about justifiable punishment or long-delayed comeuppance. It’s about fixing the errant and sending a message.

Geo’s sin, as far its now-public tormenters are concerned, is two-fold. First, it grew too big. On its own, that was not a deal breaker. The problem really began when Geo got into the narrative game, and in particular the narrative on India.

Geo isn’t just ratings and eyeballs; it’s built its way to veritable institution status. If Geo says or does something, few can afford to ignore it. And, crucially, Geo is defiant enough and arrogant enough to get up to mischief.

Mischief like thinking it can set the agenda itself. Mischief like setting an agenda contrary to that of the army’s. Mischief like trying to shift public perceptions on India.

Sure, there is also much money to be made. If the relentless allegations of covert pay-offs and underwriting of special campaigns turn out to be true, it would hardly be surprising.

Money though isn’t the real quarrel here, influence is. Who has it, how they use it and to what end. And that’s a market the permanent establishment will not countenance losing their monopoly over.

But why have ARY, Express and the rest of the execrable lot waded in? Because the biggest and baddest media beast in the land is being hunted.

It may not get taken down immediately or next year or even the year after. But pick sides now and a double bonanza is to be had.

Once the king is dead, the spoils can be shared anew. The media pie, covert and overt, and Geo’s share of it is worth, quite literally, billions. And for those with other businesses to protect, the boys can make the business of doing business easy — and that much more lucrative.

Sympathise with Geo or feel contempt for them, that isn’t really the issue here. The issue is this: the ISI has bared its teeth and definitively showed all of us what’s on its mind.

There will be one narrative. There will be obeisance. And where there is defiance, the first casualties will be the former minions who have forgotten who the boss is.

And that’s why the honest and the unflinching are also sick to their stomachs. Because they can see this for what it is.

This isn’t the old order crumbling or the establishment beast in its last desperate throes. This is confidence. This is purposeful. This is menacing. And this may only be the beginning. n

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

End of a crisis

WELL, that was quick. The great crisis is over. Democracy is back on track. Constitution Avenue won’t be seeing tank tracks anytime soon. It’s back to awkward handshakes and reluctant smiles.

So, what the hell happened?

The same thing that’s happened before: wanting something isn’t the same thing as being able to get it.

But there’s also a step before that: why was everyone so sure they knew what the boys really wanted?

Nawaz in handcuffs, Musharraf on a plane out of Pakistan — the conspiracies were peddled with such unbridled glee that you had to wonder if the peddlers were making it all up.

There was even the bit where Raheel, annoyed by Nawaz dodging him for days, took a chopper to the PM’s house and GHQ only informed the PMO of the chief’s arrival once he was already in the air.

That, according to another bit, was what caused Nawaz to unleash Saad Rafique and Khwaja Asif.

Really? It sounded like an episode of a particularly bad soap.

But what had set off the boys in the first place?

Oh, that’s easy. Nawaz had promised Raheel that Musharraf would be allowed to leave the country once he was indicted. But then Nawaz reneged and the boys went on the warpath.

Uhuh. That sounded like one of those particularly bad propaganda movies the ISPR finances.

OK, but we know they were enraged, which means there must be a serious problem. So, what is it?

Musharraf? The manner of Musharraf’s trial? The TTP? Certain prisoners the TTP will ultimately want released? All of the above? None of the above?

Who knows, who cares. The boys were on the rampage and that’s all that mattered.

Wait, let’s rewind to just last November.

Hadn’t everyone parsed all the candidates’ records minutely and decided that Raheel had no chance? Because, well, doesn’t matter; he just had no chance.

Hang on, he was too docile and irrelevant to be picked just five months ago and got picked precisely because he was a careerist and would be beholden — then what the hell happened in the last five months?

Take your pick. Either way, it’s delicious. Raheel has to prove to the boys that he will always keep the boys’ interests first. Or there’s something in that chair that gives its occupant an itch.

Cue Raheel chucking out his benefactor, derailing the democratic project, putting Musharraf on a plane to somewhere and then — what?

Ah, look at that sly Asif, turning up just in time to goad the naïve Nawaz into reacting. Now, Nawaz will pull a Nawaz and will be sent packing, opening the door to a PPP comeback.

Wait, so the PPP can win an election now, a year after being wiped out? Oh, the boys can make anything happen.

OK, but no, the boys are going to kick out Nawaz to save Musharraf, only to let Asif — didn’t they like really, really hate him? — back in?

How does that work? Never mind. Let’s not interrupt the conspiracy train.

Fine, let’s work with that for a minute. They want him out. The boys want Nawaz out. Raheel wants Nawaz out.

It may even be Musharraf. Let’s just say it’s Musharraf.

How do we go from the boys wanting something to the boys getting that something? What’s the leverage here?

The chief goes to the PM and tells him a trial will cause too much trouble, so it’s best to drop it. The PM says he understands the concerns, but he sees things differently and believes that a trial should go ahead.

Then what?

Either immediately or some time later, Nawaz is chucked out.

To do what? To save Musharraf? To stop the dialogue?

Yes, to do that. Raheel either takes over directly or installs a front.

But what about the governments in the provinces? PPP in Sindh, PTI in KP, nationalists in Balochistan? Surely, they’d have to go too.

And what about the judges running around telling us that the door has been slammed shut on dictatorships? Well, a bunch of them would have to go too.

Fine, they go home too.

Now what? Your biggest problem is the narrative. How do you sell the ouster to the public?

The economy has stabilised, Punjab isn’t under attack, Karachi is stable-ish, there’s been no sell out on Kashmir, the Americans aren’t invading, dialogue with the TTP isn’t unpalatable, nothing is imploding or exploding — all you have to sell is your anger over Musharraf?

Try spinning that into the national interest.

OK, somehow you sell that too. Then what?

Then you have to run this damn place. And everything you do, someone will be unhappy and everything that goes wrong, everyone will blame you for.

Sure, but that’s the masochism of those who crave power.

Ah, so Raheel craves power; saving Musharraf is just the pretext to grab power. That actually simplifies everything.

Raheel wants power, but power comes at a cost — what’s the price he’s willing to pay? And what can he offer to the public to live with his power grab?

Bling growth for the urban middle classes mixed with pandering to religious conservatism? Hell, that’s what the guy you just kicked out was doing.

And that’s the problem with conspiracies: they eventually collide with reality. Reality is often a lot simpler than conspiracies allow for.

In reality, it’s possible for folk who don’t understand each other, don’t trust each other and don’t agree with each other to still work with each other.

Call it the new civ-mil.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Analysis: Message in a meeting

The meeting and its agenda may have been set before the latest civ-mil storm erupted and both sides tried their best on Wednesday to stick to the original script, but context is everything in politics so the only question that mattered after Asif Ali Zardari met Nawaz Sharif was, did the political show of unity mean the civil-military crisis was on its way to being defused or was the prime minister preparing for a showdown with his hand-picked army chief?

Raza Rabbani, the veteran PPP senator who has seen the ups and downs of civ-mil relations from up close, stuck to his publicly cautious line while speaking to Dawn: "It [the Nawaz-Zardari meeting] should not be construed as a get-together to send across a message. It should be seen as the democratic forces standing united to strengthen institutions. It should not be taken as against an institution or institutions."

But Rabbani's cautious remarks may have less to do with a democrat's spin and more to do with a better reading of the present crisis than most, namely that the point of no return had never really been reached.

Salman Masood, the Islamabad editor of The Nation, explained it thus: "Politicians huddling up when faced with aggressive posturing from the military is great for optics but it's really unclear if it is really effective. I don’t think the civil-military crisis has brought the democratic set-up to the brink yet."

According to Masood, not only had the dip in civil-military relations not reached the point of full-blown crisis, they were on the road to being mended now that Gen Raheel has extended, and Sharif has accepted, an invitation to the military graduation ceremony at Kakul.

PPP leaders, including Rabbani, however were keen to underline the benefits of the meeting whose agenda revolved around Sindh-centre fiscal relations, the post-18th Amendment devolution process, the Karachi operation and the Protection of Pakistan Ordinance.

"It was a positive message, not a negative one. That the democratic forces are continuing the work of strengthening the democratic dispensation," Rabbani said.

Yet, a fundamental issue has yet to be clarified: did the clash erupt because the army leadership is implacably opposed to the Musharraf trial or is the immediate fury over the overt politicisation of the trial or is it about broader policy differences, be it over certain prisoner releases in the TTP-government dialogue or in the foreign policy domain?

Senior PML-N leaders are unwilling to speak on the record about the roots of the differences between the government and the army leadership, but are privately adamant about two things: one, while the Musharraf trial may be allowed to proceed in a desultory manner, the prime minister is unwilling to scuttle it altogether; and two, the present crisis will be defused, with the only question being whether a sacrificial lamb, perhaps Khwaja Asif's additional portfolio as defence minister, will have to be offered to the army leadership to allow it an exit while preserving the support of the rank and file and the junior leadership.

But an individual close to the defence minister claimed that even the symbolic step of relinquishing the defence ministry would be difficult for Asif to accept, given its implications for the transition to democracy and his own personal standing within the government.

The government's dilemma is more openly summed up by opposition circles who have a greater freedom to speak on the record in the present circumstances than PML-N leaders.

"Sacrificial lambs do not augur well for the system," argued Rabbani. But he sounded a note of caution also: "Restraint by both sides is needed. The politicians also have to understand the sensitivities of the process we are passing through. In a transition [to democracy] the dangers are always there."

Journalist Masood was more forthright: "Much will depend on how Nawaz acts. Whether he placates the military by withdrawing Khawaja Asif or stands behind him will determine the course of civil-military relations. By the signs of it, Nawaz does not seem keen to embark on a path of confrontation."

Civ-mil, again

WHEN the chief spoke this week, folk fell over themselves and each other trying to figure out whether the Mush trial was dead and if the Nawaz government was on life support.

That made sense. Those questions were a lot sexier than the probable, and eventual, answer: the chief was talking to his boys and when boys talk, chests are beaten and silly things are said.

It would’ve been amusing if it weren’t for all that silliness about the democratic project being derailed and the transition being in danger.

Because a couple of ministers spoke impoliticly? You can imagine a bunch of folk wishing it were so, or even that it were possible. But could it be true? ‘No’ was the answer and it became apparent quickly enough.

As the dust settled and folk wandered off to look for the next crisis, no one really wanted to sift through the detritus of the present one.

Everyone knew what it had meant at a minimum. The boys could not — would not — allow themselves to look weak in front of the rank and file and the public at large.

That is well known and unsurprising. Perception is power and much of the boys’ power lies in others’ perception of their — the boys’ — power.

That makes sense. But only up to a point.

Lost in the kerfuffle was that a statement meant to project the army’s power had inadvertently exposed the army’s vulnerability.

The civ-empty, mil-full version of the civ-mil glass had the boys always opposed to a trial and waiting for the right moment to strike. When Saad Rafique and Khwaja Asif sneered, that moment had seemingly arrived. The boys made their move.

Even though they failed, another moment will arrive soon enough. You can always count on a politician to mess up.

The important thing, in this view of the civ-mil tumbler, is that the boys’ unwillingness to countenance a trial and sentencing has been established. All that matters now is the timing of the intervention.

But there’s another view of the civ-mil glass, which has the civ side, if not quite half full, possibly getting there.

And that’s this: Musharraf has been indicted. That was supposed to have been impossible. And before that, the formation of a special court was supposed to have been impossible. Before that, it was assumed the matter would be killed at the FIA investigation stage.

And before that, it was assumed an investigation was a non-starter because the government would not be allowed to act on the Supreme Court’s directions to have a special FIA team investigate the possible charges.

But all of that is known. Leave that aside for a minute.

Imagine — and yes, it may take a leap of faith — that there’s a super politician with craftiness, guile and sophistication sitting somewhere, strategising this entire process. Let’s call him Nawaz (leap of faith, remember?).

Nawaz has figured out the boys’ vulnerability: they are obsessed with image and perception. Image/perception can be power, but it isn’t a substitute. The two are not interchangeable.

Nawaz has figured this out. He has figured out that the army veto on a Musharraf trial will only be invoked when the trial process crosses image/perception red lines.

So, to begin with, Nawaz let someone else start the process. CJ Iftikhar obliged and obliged gladly. While CJ Iftikhar was around and the SC was pushing for a trial, Nawaz looked like the good guy: it’s not me, it’s the courts.

Next, with CJ Iftikhar on his way out, Nawaz decided to switch gears. And how. With the country reeling from Muharram violence in Pindi, Nisar announced the government was going ahead with a Musharraf trial.

Oh, that’s just the government trying to change the topic, everyone said. And so the government got it in the neck for trying to change the topic, meaning Nawaz avoided raising the temperature on what he had planned for Musharraf.

Then, the next step in our crafty Nawaz’s plan: the endless court hearings. One, two, three, five, ten, fifteen, twenty, more — and no indictment.

An immediate indictment would have instantly upped civ-mil tensions — because the government would have been perceived as gunning for a former chief and running roughshod over the boys.

But the longer the indictment process wore on, the weaker the government looked — and instead of the government being attacked, it was mocked.

Nawaz our hypothetical crafty politician was OK with this: after all, politicians are used to being pummelled; it’s the army’s sensitivities that he had to worry about.

Then, Musharraf is indicted. Next step achieved. But the wheels of conspiracy start turning once more. Folk start yelling about vendettas and personal agendas.

Again, our hypothetical Nawaz had anticipated this and planned for it. So he unleashes two of his big guns: go hunting, boys. Take down the biggest one you can find, Nawaz orders.

Nawaz’s loyal lieutenants do what the boss ordered — and they get the biggest and baddest of the boys to roar back.

The media loves it, the public is riveted — and amidst the chaos, folk are also reminded of who the boys are and how their world revolves around themselves.

Realising this, the boys quieten down again.

Wouldn’t it be great if there really were a super politician with craftiness, guile and sophistication sitting somewhere strategising this entire process?

Call him Nawaz.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Not this way

RULE of law. Slamming the door shut on future coups. Righting wrongs of the past. Upholding the Constitution. Democracy! Rubbish.

Musharraf shouldn’t be tried. Not for what he’s been charged with. And not for the reasons he’s being tried.

Forget all that nonsense the Saad Rafiques of this world are spouting. Musharraf is being tried for two reasons. One, the guy he chucked out is back in power. Two, a Musharrraf trial is politically advantageous.

Advantageous because both left and right have their reasons to hate Musharraf: left because of the BB assassination, right because of Lal Masjid and the war on terror.

To neither side does it matter what Musharraf is actually being tried for. It’s a bit like that business with Shakil Afridi: everyone knows why he’s in jail; no one cares what he’s actually been convicted for.

But let’s have a look at what Musharraf has been charged with. Essentially, to try and hang on as president, he chucked out a bunch of judges and put a few of them under house arrest in November 2007.

Within a month, he had to give up his uniform. Within three months of that, he suffered a crushing electoral defeat. Six months later, he lost his presidency.

So, we want to either chuck Musharraf in jail for life or sentence him to death by hanging for sending home a bunch of judges — the biggest of whom got his job back, remember — and putting a few of those judges under house arrest for a few days?

Yes, they are screaming and yelling, it’s the principle that matters. He overthrew the Constitution.

OK, let’s work with that for a minute.

Everything — everything — that Musharraf did in November 2007 was only possible because he had already grabbed power in October 1999.

Nothing — nothing — that he stands accused of would have been possible if he was not already in power in November 2007.

There’s an original sin here: October 1999.

If it’s a principle at stake, that overthrowing the Constitution is unacceptable, then it’s 1999 that Musharraf should be on trial for.

Ah, but then the excuses start trickling out. Well, 1999 is complicated because the Supreme Court validated the coup and parliament ratified it by amending the Constitution later.

It’s an interesting argument. Interesting because it suggests that there are circumstances in which a coup can be validated. And that ’99 is different from ’07 because ’07 was validated neither by the courts nor parliament.

But then, what exactly is the principle here? That Musharraf got away with 1999 but didn’t get away with 2007? So chuck him in jail or hang him for trying and failing to do again the thing he once tried and succeeded in doing?

That doesn’t sound like much of a principle worth defending, or even much of a principle at all.

If coups are unconstitutional, then coups are unconstitutional. If that’s the position, if that’s the principle, then it really can’t be argued that 1999 is more complicated than 2007.

And yet, here we are with an indictment for just the lesser sin.

Since apparently context does matter, let’s also have a look at the immediate context.

At the very moment Musharraf stands indicted and folk are exulting the rule of law, the government that has had Musharraf indicted is dialoguing with the TTP.

Let’s remind ourselves about the TTP and what it stands for. The TTP is explicitly fighting for the violent overthrow of the Pakistani state and the installation of an explicitly undemocratic mode of governance rooted in an explicitly narrow and intolerant version of Islam.

If that isn’t treason, then what is? Chucking out a bunch of judges and immediately losing your uniform, your job and your government as well?

The rule of law — a phrase used far more than it is understood — doesn’t work in isolation. It cannot be strengthened selectively. You don’t get rule of law by sending Musharraf to jail and rewarding the TTP with freedom. Really, you don’t.

OK, but everyone already knows this is about politics.

Musharraf’s trial is a political decision made on political grounds by a political prime minister.

But there’s also a political reason to oppose this trial on these charges in this context.

Say Nawaz stands firm. He overrules the army, he has Musharraf convicted and he sends to jail the man who once sent him to jail.

Don’t for a second think that isn’t a possibility; it is. Nawaz, if he really, really wants to, really, really can get his way on this.

But here’s the problem, the political one: do we want to be in that political world just now where Nawaz can have Musharraf convicted and sent to jail over the objections of the army?

Already, a bigger picture is emerging of Nawaz as an unreconstructed politician. Wherever he’s had the chance, he’s shown us the old Nawaz. The same policies, the same ideas, the same tendency to choose self-interest over national urgencies. The only thing that we haven’t seen yet is the arrogance — but, if the rest is starting to look like same ol’, same ol’, then surely that’s just a matter of time.

Nawaz has no opposition to deal with. He’s got a moderate chief justice. He has a handpicked army chief. He’ll soon have a new DG ISI. If he gets Musharraf, he’ll have triumphed over the army too.

Do we really want Nawaz to start to believe he’s all-powerful once again?

Remember what happened the last time he convinced himself of that?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Reversing course

THEY don’t want trade. And Nawaz has given them what they want.

They’re all trying to play it down. You’ll see; we’ll get this done. Just wait a bit. What’s a few months in the larger scheme of things?

But keep probing and the shoulders begin to sag. They don’t want trade. They don’t want normalisation. And the civilians don’t know what to do about it.

The non-event of a trade deal with India that was to be signed with much pomp and ceremony falling through has received little attention.

That makes sense. The game-changer was still some way off. Other stuff was happening in Pakistan.

What doesn’t make sense is why Nawaz backed down.

Nawaz was the guy who was supposed to have got it. Turn east, not west. The boys’ obsession with the eastern border had led to fears on the western border that led to choices that had engulfed Pakistan itself in flames.

The way out was obvious: turn east, not west. Normalise ties with India, tamp down militancy domestically, then wait for the peace and security dividend.

Instead, Nawaz has turned his back on the east and focused his attention on the west — just to keep Fata from spilling over into Punjab.

What the hell happened? This isn’t small-bore stuff, this isn’t tactics — this is the whole bloody game itself.

You don’t make that switch and pretend that nothing’s changed. The whole edifice of hope in Nawaz v3.0 was built on that dual assumption: he’d open up to India and slap down militants.

So, what happened?

The boys scuttled the deal. As simple as that.

That nonsense about Foreign Office reservations, issues over timing and special interests objections is just that — nonsense.

Special interests in trade and industry had been won over and appeased for a while. Everyone — everyone — knew about the Indian election and had an eye on the clock. And the idea that Tariq Fatemi or Sartaj Aziz would scuttle their boss’ signature policy initiative is risible.

No, Foreign Office is code because there are two foreign offices: one that the boys control, the other that the civilians nominally head. And consensus is also code: it’s not intra-civilian where the consensus was missing, it’s civ-mil.

If we know who Nawaz yielded to, more difficult is to fully figure out why.

The first step is easy enough to guess. It’s a tale of two deals: one with the TTP, the other with India. Both deals need the boys’ assent and both deals the boys are opposed to in the shape and form Nawaz wants.

So Nawaz chose: dialogue over trade; west over east; more-of-the-same v game-changer.

You can see why he did it: the dialogue option is his idea, he’s staked his political reputation on it and he’ll be judged by the outcome.

But then trade was his idée fixe — it was the thing that had defined him, the conviction that had given birth to a thousand hopes.

Nawaz probably thinks nothing has changed. That politics is about moments — now is the moment for peace, so get the dialogue done and then return to trade in a few months’ time.

Except, it doesn’t work that way. Concede so early and the next time becomes harder still. The enemy has seen weakness and the enemy’s been playing this game for longer than Nawaz has been around. Six months is the new 90 days.

Still, in his mind, he may believe it isn’t capitulation, just smart play, a tactical retreat.

It’s what came next that tore away the fig leaf and ripped everything to shreds.

March 23 Pakistan — but Punjab in particular — became jihad central. There they were, the anti-India lot, running around the country, telling everyone what the meaning of Pakistan is.

You know why they did it. The TTP has been dominating everything. They are everywhere and all that anyone can talk about.

So the other lot had to remind everyone that they’re still around, that they aren’t about to be pushed to the margins and that the TTP isn’t the be-all and end-all of all things Islamist.

But why did Nawaz let them do it, on that scale, on his own turf?

He, or one of his eager minions, could have hit speed dial and said: Hafiz bhai, you are like a brother to us and a true patriot. All of Pakistan will always be grateful for the services you have rendered to the nation. Can we humbly ask for a small favour: please, keep your activities low key on Sunday? We will be truly grateful, Hafiz bhai.

Hell, they could have even come up with a ruse. Every other day, the Punjab government is rounding up kids and getting them to set some silly world record or the other.

It’s March 23. Take a few thousand of them to Minar-i-Pakistan and have them sing the national anthem while draped around the minar or bake the world’s largest cake shaped like the national flag or build a human pyramid in green and white.

And before that ring up Hafiz bhai and request him, humbly, to not steal the Punjab government’s thunder and to not compete on that day with essential politics.

But nothing of the sort happened. What did happen was that the man running Pakistan allowed the men who would like to run Pakistan to run around his province spewing hate and venom.

Paralysis? Drift? Looks more like capitulation, really.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Crisis state

AFTER a while, the details become meaningless. Nisar did this. The TTP said that. Nawaz insisted on blah. Army said X, but meant Y.

Who cares? The dogs of war and the peace brigade will work out something between themselves. Violence will go down. Pakistan will become a scarier, uglier, more miserable place to live in.

Then, a mini, temporary reckoning. Things will stabilise, for a while. Then, instability again and the cycle being repeated, in slow motion or fast forward.

But why blame Nisar? In a parallel universe, Dar is reinventing the laws of finance and economics and national accounting — and for what?

A few months, folk say, before the inevitable slide of the rupee. So that’s the challenge then, for Dar to prove the naysayers wrong and stretch a few months into a year or two or maybe more.

It’s been done before, the last years of the Musharraf era full of rumours of an artificially propped up rupee via dodgy remittances and quiet State Bank interventions.

But, really? That’s the great boast of the country’s latest finance czar? That he propped up the rupee?

Forget Nisar and Dar though. They are what they are and they’ll do what they must. Zoom out.

What is it with these civilians?

They must rule. They must be the ones in-charge. The system must not be tampered with again.

But once we agree that the civilians are the ones who should be calling the shots, that still leaves the issue of figuring out why they aren’t making the right calls.

And, honestly, it’s a helluva mystery.

Take the big two: Zardari and Nawaz.

Other than conspiratorial whispers about how his plans for re-election were dashed by the powers-that-be, Zardari has been pretty accurate about what went wrong in his five years and why.

He figured out that the election was a referendum on electricity. He got that he shouldn’t have given Kayani another full three years. He recognised the economy was mishandled and that BISP-style handouts can only get you so far.

And Nawaz. He said absolutely everything right for five years. He didn’t put a foot wrong. Then he won, and won big. And since then, he’s crumbled before our eyes — reduced again to either a pitiful or malign figure, depending on your political orientation.

How? Why do they seem to get it when not in power, but are so powerless to do anything about it when in power?

The obvious answer: they don’t really have power.

The boys, the establishment, the permanent state, the status quo, old order, whatever you want to call it, still loom large. There is no room for the civilians to manoeuvre.

Except, that’s simply not true.

Yes, the boys can push back. Yes, when their core interests are threatened, they can roll out a DPC or Qadri, or awfulness in Afghanistan.

But that’s not the same thing as being in charge.

If they want, the civilians can assert themselves. If they want, the civilians can direct policy. If they want, the civilians can find a reasonably cooperative partner. On many things.

And yet, nothing. Nothing good, anyway.

With Zardari, five years ago, you could say that he didn’t give a monkey’s wrench about the party, that the PPP was just a vehicle to power, that power meant money, and that he was obsessed with property and his eye-watering deals.

OK, fine. But then he got it, he understood what went wrong, he offered the most sober, reasonable, honest assessments of the mistakes and what could be done differently — and he got a second chance in Sindh. Now, at least, there was nothing to stop him.

He had delivered on what even BB couldn’t — a full term. By 2018, the party would be Bilawal’s. He could count his millions if he liked or be the wise old man who doled out favours to a few close friends.

So, step back, let the party revive itself, and give Bilawal a truly meaningful inheritance: a new Sindh to use as a springboard to national power in 2023. Do the right thing.

But again, nothing. Or just a vicious hammering over Thar and the MQM back in the fold, anyway.

What’s stopping Zardari in Sindh? Other than Zardari himself?

But what about Nawaz? This awfulness of talks with TTP or fixation with propping up the rupee — you get your one year or two years, sure. So what? Then what?

Get through the next three-six months, three or four quarters at most. But that was exactly what the third-term PM had vowed he wouldn’t do after two tumultuous stints in power and a decade in exile.

And yet, here he is, presiding over precisely that again.

Money? He’s got enough of it, as does everyone on his team. Enough in the sense that they can comfortably make more without having to obsess over it.

Party? Nawaz is the party. Punjab voted for Nawaz, not for a party.

Fear? He’s got a hand-picked chief, a reasonable chief justice, a friendly opposition — and an Imran who just last May he destroyed in a straight fight in Punjab.

What’s stopping Nawaz in Islamabad? Other than Nawaz himself?

Once upon a time, the problem was the system. But as the system settles down, the next problem has emerged: leadership.

The country has none.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The year of dialogue

THERE’S stuff they’ll tell you and there’s stuff they won’t. Usually, it’s what they won’t tell you that’s more interesting.

Publicly, the army is all ‘we can fix this, let us do this’ on blunting the TTP threat militarily in NWA. The government, meanwhile, is all ‘talks can work’ on blunting the TTP threat through dialogue.

Oddly enough, if you factor in what they aren’t saying publicly, it’s the government that’s got the stronger case right now.

Privately, what’s being said about the boys and what the boys are saying are, in the main, four things. One, good at counter-insurgency? Swat and South Waziristan are presented as the two main successes. Right.

The guy who led the insurgency against which the boys had so much success in 2009 is now the insurgent-in-chief of the TTP nationally. And, four and a half years on, a third of SWA has yet to be cleared, forget held.

Two, how many days are there in a week and weeks in a month? The original assessment proffered by the boys to knock the TTP off its NWA perch was days going on to two weeks.

Then, two weeks became four. As more information filtered in, four became six. This was happening in real time, as the pols sat down with the uniforms to debate the options. Certainty, it quickly became apparent, only extended to public pronouncements.

It wasn’t just the timeline though. Ultimately, clearing isn’t the problem, stabilisation is: you pummel the TTP, chase them out of NWA, then what? Six months later, a year later, what happens?

Three, the boys weren’t being entirely honest about the numbers or identities of the folk they’ve snatched up and kept tucked away.

Once the TTP made prisoners a public issue and the pols caught on that the boys weren’t telling them everything they knew, the suspicions hardened. What else were the boys hiding?

Four, leading on from three, nobody but nobody truly believes the old army dog has really learned new tricks. It’s not just the Afghan Taliban or Gul Bahadur or the Waliur Rehman friendlies.

It’s little things, stuff that folk barely dare whisper, strange bits of information picked up by the civilian antennae and noses on the ground that have made them blanch.

Is it just consorting with the enemy to keep tabs on them or something more? The pols can only guess what it means and how it all adds up.

Of course, the pols are a slippery lot too, well versed in telling a fib or two of their own.

The TTP is violating the ceasefire — and the government knows it.

It’s not just the blasts that have made the news. In areas that TV cameras and public opinion do not particularly care about, bodies have continued to turn up. Localised, low-level insurgent violence — TTP violence — is ongoing.

But take the blasts that have made the news too. Assume that the TTP is not lying when it says that it has not ordered the bombings and that splinter groups are creating problems.

OK, but what are the mechanics and logistics of an attack that grabs headlines? The bombers are rarely locals, they come from outside. Even the most rudimentary of attacks needs some local knowledge: about the target, the best route to approach the target without getting caught, a safe house to stay in overnight.

Someone has to drop off the suicide vest or bomb, given that bomber and bomb rarely, if ever, come from the same place or travel together.

What kind of splinter group has that kind of capacity and reach? None.

They necessarily would need to borrow resources from a bigger, more established entity. That entity is the TTP.

The government knows this, but it’s an inconvenient truth. So the public fiction of splinter groups that can’t be stopped is being hawked.

Yet, for all its fibs and disingenuity, the PML-N has pulled a very real rabbit out of its hat: it’s got the TTP to declare a ceasefire.

Clearly, it’s not a total ceasefire, but it is significant — and the TTP is serious about continuing it. Why is a secret that only Nisar knows the answer to, but it’s real and it’s given the government both space and time for the dialogue option.

So what next?

Again, the public pronouncements and the private assessments diverge — a lot.

Decisive stage? Result-oriented? Final committee? Hardly.

Privately, the guess is: six to eight weeks, then a further reconstitution of the committee. The trickiest part will be to keep the ceasefire alive while trying to parse the good TTP from the bad TTP.

At the moment, that looks like the Mehsuds in Waziristan and the Afghan-based TTP lot. But what if the TTP closes ranks instead of allowing sections of itself to be lured into the government’s embrace?

Too conveniently, the speculation about the reconcilables versus irreconcilables inside the TTP tends to split them up according to the degree of antipathy the army feels towards them.

A strategy based partially on the red lines of one side instead of the realities on the other side may be no strategy at all.

Still, if the government has its way, there will be no operation in 2014. And, right now, it looks like the government may get its way.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Analysis: Pursuing peace through committees

THE old committee is dead; a new one, stuffed with bureaucrats and one holdover from the previous committee, is born — and no one appears sure what any of it means for the prospects of a deal with the TTP.

The questions abound. To begin with, does the formation of a new government negotiating committee suggest the previous one had failed? Rahimullah Yusufzai, a member of the now-lapsed committee, believes that having chalked up three successes, the committee he had been a part of had run its course:

“One, we facilitated the establishment of contacts with the TTP. Two, they accepted that the talks must take place under the constitution. Maulana Abdul Aziz had opposed that position and he was side-lined after one meeting with the consent of the TTP shura. Three, the TTP agreed to a ceasefire.”

Privately, committee members past and present and individuals close to the voluble committee members tell a different story.

According to an analyst close to several of the seven government-appointed committee members, the original committee was wracked by tensions and disagreements between its members, particularly Maj Amir and Irfan Siddiqui.

But a committee member who declined to be named suggested that the more pertinent reason for wrapping up the old committee was the army leadership’s reluctance to engage with it — stalling any further progress.

“The committee requested a meeting with the army chief and the ISI chief. They never responded,” the member said. “Perhaps the public profile of some of the members made the army uneasy talking about sharing sensitive information with it.” Why though was the army’s reluctance to engage the previous committee so problematic? “Because so much of what has to be decided is in their [the army’s] hands,” a member explained.“ Dr Usman of the GHQ attack, can he be released? Will there be an exchange of prisoners or will they simply be released? Do they release or kill the prisoners they have?”

The committee member continued: “What about the future role and presence of the army in Fata. Withdrawal is out of the question, but relocation is possible. What about foreign militants? Cross-border militancy? Compensation and local administration after a deal? So much is in the army’s hands.”

So, is the new committee better placed to address those issues, even if the army has declined to nominate a representative to the committee? The one holdover from the previous committee, Rustam Shah Mohmand, is surprisingly and emphatically dismissive of the rejigging. “There was no need for a new committee. It’s a needless exercise,” Mohmand said.

Mohmand’s unhappiness, an individual close to other members of the new committee claimed, is linked to the appointment of Habibullah Khan Khattak as the leader of the new committee. While Khattak, a federal secretary, is technically senior to Rustam Shah in the bureaucratic pecking order, he is younger than the retired Rustam Shah.

After friction between members and over leadership had disrupted the workings of the last committee, the omens for less friction in the new committee are already poor.

But why, as has already been much debated, nominate a committee of just bureaucrats to begin with?

The new committee appears even less empowered than the previous, already weak committee given that bureaucrats cannot and will not challenge their political masters and are well schooled in deferring to army interests.

An official familiar with the nomination process speaking on the condition of anonymity explained the choice in this way:

“The government tried but failed to get the army to nominate an army representative to the new committee. After that, the politicians had to be thinking, what if talks fail? The PML-N, PTI or JI won’t want to get the flak for that. So you end up with bureaucrats.”

When asked why he agreed to be a part of a new committee whose chances of success he is pessimistic about, Rustam Shah replied with a rueful laugh. “You know, I don’t know.”

He continued: “The more serious problem is, your interlocutors, the people you are engaging with, lose their faith in you if this week it’s one committee and another week another. They may decide, what’s the point to engaging with these people at all?”

But another individual close to several of Mohmand’s colleagues in the new committee preferred to focus on the upside: “There’s a bit of an opening. Few saw the TTP ceasefire coming. A deal with the Afghan-based Pakistani Taliban may be difficult, but, if the government plays its cards right, maybe the Mehsuds in Waziristan will agree?”

The PM of Punjab

SO he saves Punjab. Good for Punjab. What’s in it for everyone else? Don’t bother.

It’s not just this talks business, aka the Nisar and Nawaz show. There the goal is simple: buy some time, stop stuff from going boom, save Punjab.

He’ll probably succeed.

But it’s so much more than this talks business. The prime minister from Punjab has become the Prime Minister of Punjab.

Anything Nawaz does, all you can see is Punjab, the critics and opposition are grumbling and muttering.

Economy? Punjab grows. Trade? Punjab grows. Privatisation? Punjab buys. Roads? Punjab moves. Electricity? Punjab hums.

It makes sense for a politician to protect his base. But this?

Rewind nine months. Last summer, it looked like polite, and welcome, deference. Nawaz was respecting other mandates. So Sindh to PPP, KP to PTI and Balochistan to the NP.

That Nawaz declined to push in KP and slapped down Zehri in Balochistan was the sign of a politician reborn, a statesman democrat who was willing to put country before self.

Nawaz said all the right things and, with his foray into Karachi, seemed intent on being a national prime minister.

Those days are long gone.

As with everything Nawaz, it’s hard to pin down what, exactly, Punjab first means.

Is protecting Punjab about letting others sink? KP and the PTI feel they have been set up, trapped in a burning province just to finish off the PTI’s hopes of ever winning Punjab.

But just as likely as malign interest is pure disinterest. You get the feeling that he — Nawaz — can’t be bothered. He’ll love what will love him back, and nothing loves Nawaz as much as Punjab.

The really worrying bit? Word from his world is that the Nawaz-Punjab love fest is only set to deepen. Good luck, rest of Pakistan.

Civ-Mil: Drowned out by this whole talks business has been another interesting little development. Trade with India, the holy grail of economic revival, was supposed to get a boost by the end of Feb.

Khurram Dastagir, newly sworn in as a full minister, had travelled to India and made all the right noises about getting trade normalisation done and getting it done quickly. Except, after returning to Pakistan, Khurram seemed to change his mind.

What happened? There are three theories — theories being all that there are in the murky world of civ-mil and India-Pak relations.

Theory one: the boys are OK with trade normalisation, but not OK with Nawaz’s way of going about it.

Keep us in the loop, use the proper institutional channels and stop messing around with all these semi-official forays of Shahbaz and the like, the boys said.

This, the charitable explanation, amounting to: we’re OK with trade, but not if you try and do this without our input and addressing our concerns.

Theory two: the disagreement was not just about how to go about normalising ties with India, but about Nawaz’s real intentions. That, by shutting the boys out, Nawaz wants to go much further on India than the boys are willing to countenance or accept. So, by voicing complaints about the way Nawaz was handling trade negotiations, the boys were sending a warning shot across the bow: we’re watching very, very closely, Mr Prime Minister.

Theory three: Nawaz thought that if he dangled the carrot of trade normalisation, Manmohan would visit Pakistan, but when it became clear the Indian PM wasn’t going to bite, Nawaz pulled the plug and decided to wait until after the Indian elections.

So which one is it? From the outside, it’s impossible to say. What is relatively easy to guess is that civ-mil at the moment isn’t being shaped wholly by the talk-or-fight debate.

Also, there are three principals here, not two: PM, chief and DGI. One of them is set to go home in October. And two of them are rumoured to be not too thrilled about the third.

In civ-mil, there are always wheels within wheels.

Zardari, Part II: After Mumbai, Zardari pulled down the shutters, surrendered civ-mil and focused on just one thing: getting his government past the finish line.

Nawaz hasn’t had a Mumbai moment yet. Raheel is still settling in, there is zero likelihood of a coup anytime soon, and the boys are looking to cleanse themselves of the Kayani era.

But could Nawaz the Prime Minister of Punjab be an emulation of the post-Mumbai Zardari?

Protecting what is most precious to him, focusing on that to the exclusion of all else, and letting whoever the hell else do whatever the hell else they want?

Capacity, will, blah, blah — so much of this is often looked at through the prism of what ought to be, not what is. And what is — what is often more real and more present than anything else — is fear.

Unlike the Zardari of five years ago, Nawaz has the benefit of experience and doesn’t need his fears to be realised, Mumbai-like, for him to sense the dangers around him.

So why not just stick to being the prime minister of Punjab, a narrow goal of self-interest and survival that sends a message to everyone else that he isn’t here to cause trouble?

After all, if the much-loathed Zardari managed to survive five years with his one-point agenda, why can’t Nawaz do the same with his own one-point agenda: look after Punjab and wash his hands of everything else?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Talk, fight, repeat

THE ceasefire is here, but before that, the plan was here. So let’s start with the plan.

It’s our version of surge and exit. Give us a few weeks and we’ll sort this out, the boys have promised.

We know where they are, we know how they communicate, we know the routes they use, we know how to break the link between central command and the foot soldiers, the boys have asserted.

We don’t even have to call it an operation. Operations are big and messy. This will be quick and surgical. Precision is the word of the season.

It sounds good. The boys have promised it will look good. What do the pols think?

Blanket approval. Another phrase being tossed around much these days. Nawaz is on top of things and there’s not a hair’s breadth between him and Raheel.

Whatever the boys are doing, they’re doing because Nawaz has reposed his full trust in them. And whatever the boys are doing, they’re keeping their nominal boss very much in the loop.

That sounds good and looks even better.

Civ-mil sorted; TTP about to be taught a lesson; national interest prevails. Pakistan: higher, stronger, better.

If only. If only you could trust a politician and a general to mean what they say to us — and to say what they mean to each other.

So let’s inject some reality — some politics — into the hype.

You’re Raheel sitting across Nawaz. You know there’s no appetite for a massive operation that could cause Punjab to burn. But you also know that he can’t do nothing.

So you help him out.

We’re not talking about an endless operation with unpredictable consequences, sir. We’re just going to take out their command structure and squeeze any rats trying to flee into Pakistan proper, Mr Prime Minister. Trust us, sir, we can fix the problem.

You have to woo Nawaz because times have moved on and the veneer of approval is necessary. But the real reason you have to woo Nawaz — to present him with fluffy ideas of maximum success at minimum cost — is because he’s still talking to the other side.

Knowing that, knowing that a deal with the TTP is a palatable option for Nawaz, you can’t present him with a military option that is messy, massive and uncertain.

Cause then he may just cut a deal with the devil he’s getting to know rather than with the devil he already knows and has been burned by before.

Now see it from Nawaz’s side.

He’s seen enough generals to know they always have plans and they always promise success. But somehow those plans always go awry in the real world. Either success never quite materialises or it comes at a cost too high for a politician.

But sceptical as Nawaz may be, he can’t just say no. The boys need to demonstrate their strength — to themselves, to the TTP and to the public.

If Nawaz shoots down every idea they moot, there will come a point, possibly quickly, where they may just stop asking him.

So he approves retaliation. And then he patiently listens to the plan for a great victory that will come at the lowest possible cost, and he approves of that too.

Because Nawaz is working on two fronts, trying to turn pressure on him from one side — the boys — into pressure by him on the other side — the TTP.

If you talk and fight, you may end up with neither war nor peace — a politician’s acceptable compromise in a world where everyone else is carrying a big stick and all you’ve got is a soft voice.

And voila! The TTP gets the message. Ceasefire announced.

Because even with this precision stuff, even if the boys deliver on just half of the PM-approved, so-called precision plan, itself maybe just a fourth of what they really want to do to the TTP, the TTP can be plunged into survival mode.

And while survive the TTP would, it wouldn’t be as much fun as thriving — like they’re doing right now.

So let’s try and do some quick, early maths. Has Nawaz won, gambling as he did that just enough force would be used to satisfy the boys’ PR crisis while also causing the TTP to blink?

Have the boys got their way, demonstrating to everyone that they won’t stand for being messed with so openly and aggressively by the likes of the TTP?

Or has the TTP managed to wriggle away, just as the pressure was being upped again and there was a possibility the back could be broken?

All three, really.

For among the many half-truths and lies being peddled, none is as false as the one being peddled by all sides: that this is all just a matter of days and weeks.

That whether it’s talking while the guns are silent or fighting while talks are suspended or talking while fighting, all three sides — the boys, the pols and the TTP — somehow aren’t OK with it going on indefinitely.

But what if they are?

Talk sometimes, fight other times, talk and fight yet other times — each side winning some rounds, losing others, but all making sure they’re still around to protect their core interests.

Muddling through it’s come to be known as. Why fix what isn’t broken?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Dual-track approach

WE already know why he’s doing it, but little has been said about how he’s doing it. Nawaz. On talks. With the TTP. While fending off the boys.

Tawdry as the motives may be, the tactics are anything but. In fact, in quintessential Nawaz style, the seemingly stupid may actually be the rather clever.

Call it the dual-track approach.

To the TTP, Nawaz has indicated that he wants a deal, that a deal will be localised, that low-level violence in parts of the country is acceptable — both while a deal is being negotiated and perhaps even after — and that, if the TTP doesn’t bite, he’ll step aside and let the chips fall where they would.

With the army, Nawaz has acquiesced in the boys’ need to blow off some steam. So, limited retaliation. The tacit consent given to the army: TTP whacks you, you can hit back — but hitting back has to be calibrated, proportionate and limited.

Everyone’s so focused on all the time the TTP has bought itself that it’s easy to miss the other guy who’s bought himself a whole lot of time already: Nawaz. And it’s all down to the dual-track approach.

Slip on one of Nawaz’s waistcoats and let’s see the world as he sees it.

Much has been made about how the TTP has run circles around Nawaz and the futility of talks when the central TTP leadership can’t or won’t end militant violence.

All true enough. But what if you — Nawaz — know that neither you nor the boys have the ability to eliminate the threat? What then?

You settle for next best: managing the threat, containing the violence.

Even if TTP violence doesn’t end altogether, there’s a damn good reason for Nawaz to keep the talks option alive: the alternative to the TTP showing semi-restraint is the TTP showing no restraint.

Essentially, with talks: a few blasts and several killed; no talks: many blasts and a whole more killed.

Remember, the starting point is that you — Nawaz — know neither you nor the boys have the means or the ability to eliminate militancy. All you can do is manage the threat.

So, if talking talks buys you fewer attacks, you take it.

The problem — the next step — is that the cheek isn’t always yours to turn. If the TTP stuck to killing civilians in sporadic, semi-restrained violence, Nawaz could absorb the pressure.

But while the TTP violence is sporadic and semi-restrained, it’s not just directed at civilians. The uniformed lot are getting whacked too. And that makes a difference.

Keep that waistcoat on and turn to the boys.

You’ve got a handpicked chief, but he’s still a new chief. New chief has to show he’s tough, means business, is on the side of the boys — and isn’t his predecessor. Like Kayani did early on with the whole year-of-the-soldier business and resolute action.

That’s Raheel taken care of. But there’s more.

There are two constituencies the boys care about above all else: the rank and file and public opinion. If the boys are whacked and they don’t respond, they look weak. Weakness is not a perception the boys can countenance. They have to respond.

You — Nawaz — know this. So you let them respond. But only to the extent that it doesn’t make the boys look weak. I.E. limited retaliation.

That’s the other track of the dual track. It ain’t pretty, fuggedabout ideal, but it’s working: the dual-track approach has bought Nawaz time and it can keep on buying him time.

It works because it offers something to all things.

Reading between the lines, the TTP will have figured out that it has a partner in perpetuation — if TTP doesn’t hurt Nawaz and his political interests too much, Nawaz won’t squeeze the TTP and its interests too hard.

Reading between the lines, Nawaz has figured out that neither does the TTP want a decisive fight nor does the state know how to fight and win one.

Reading between the lines, the army has figured out that Nawaz will let them defend their core interests — reputation above all — as long as they don’t jeopardise his — Punjab.

In quintessential Nawaz style, the seemingly stupid transforms into the rather clever.

Now take off that Nawaz waistcoat. It’s not all that clever.

Because his goals are narrow — manage the TTP threat and contain militant violence — and his resolve weak, Nawaz has contrived to leave himself at the mercy of the other sides.

Limited retaliation works as one track of the dual-track approach as long as it stays limited. But Nawaz isn’t the one deciding what limited means. The boys with the toys are.

Need the risks be spelled out?

Either deliberately — because the agenda is different — or unintentionally — because boys with toys understand ‘limited’ differently to civilians — limited retaliation could easily slide into just disproportionate enough to provoke the TTP into abandoning its own calibrated violence.

Suddenly, it’s all-out war and Nawaz is left scratching his head.

Or, encouraged by Nawaz playing footsie, the TTP miscalculates what level of violence it can get away with. The problem with practitioners of violence is that they either get sloppy or greedy.

A TTP hit too far or a TTP hit too big occurs — and limited retaliation is chucked out the window. It’s all-out war and Nawaz is left scratching his head.

So, dual track works, until it doesn’t. Like everything else in this place, really.

The writer is a member of staff.

Twitter: @cyalm

cyril.a@gmail.com

Taliban 2.0

THE best thing about the Pakistani Taliban was that you could count on them to do something stupid.

They got Swat and should have consolidated first. But they spilled out into neighbouring districts, flogged a teenaged girl and denounced democracy. Advantage lost.

It didn’t matter much if the state was weak and vacillating because the TTP would do something egregious and force the state into responding.

That was then.

Now, you keep waiting and waiting and waiting for the critical misstep, the mistake too far, but it never seems to come. Welcome to the TTP v2.0.

It began before Fazlullah became head honcho, but has become more pronounced on his watch. That makes sense: Fazlullah has the benefit of hindsight, having survived the Swat debacle five years ago.

But it’s not just Fazlullah and it’s something more: the TTP 2.0 is beginning to understand what makes Pakistan tick.

Before, and loosely, it was a bunch of far-away cavemen who thought the best way to get what they wanted was to blow lots of stuff up.

They didn’t understand Pakistan — Pakistan proper anyway, the country outside the anachronistic Fata — and Pakistan didn’t understand them.

But TTP 2.0 is different. It’s got inside the head of Pakistan. It’s figured out the pressure points and vulnerabilities and it’s learning to exploit them.

And that makes them more dangerous than a thousand suicide bombers or twenty thousand fighters.

Because, in messing with our heads, the TTP has learned possibly the only thing we couldn’t have afforded them to learn — that what it can’t get through force, it can get through manipulation.

Asymmetric warfare was hard enough for the state to learn. But learn it did — kinda — because the Taliban kept forcing its hand. They would grab land here and there, always push for more, fight and blow up stuff — and then, overreach.

They’d get too greedy, hit the wrong target, push too hard. The lumbering state would be forced into a response by either military necessity or public opinion.

The Taliban 2.0 still does all of that stuff. They haven’t suddenly become military geniuses. But what they are becoming are masters of manipulation.

And the state simply has no answer.

See what the expanded bag of tricks has allowed TTP 2.0 to do. A year ago, for the first time, the TTP inserted itself into the national political process.

Going into the election, the TTP drew a neat line down the middle: PPP, ANP, MQM on the wrong side; PML-N and PTI talked about encouragingly.

The stick it threatened to wield against one end of the political spectrum mattered less than the carrot it dangled in front of the other end of the spectrum. But that’s been parsed before.

Fast forward to the more recent past.

For the TTP to be squeezed, three sides need to align: the army, the political government and public opinion. But the TTP has figured out that those sides can also be played against one another.

Here’s how it’s worked. New government comes in mid-year and there are rumblings that the army will push to sort out the nastiest bits of the TTP.

So the need, from the TTP perspective, is to drive a wedge between the army’s intentions and the government’s will.

KP gets hit. Again and again. Soft targets, hard targets, anything and everything. Kitchen sink kind of stuff.

Punjab, which is running Islamabad, looks up at KP and blanches. We don’t want that here, Punjab, which is running Islamabad, thinks.

So dialogue is mooted. Wedge driven.

Now, the TTP refocuses. The targets narrow. Too much fire and brimstone rained down on a divided public leads to too much hostility.

So fewer market bombings and random acts, and more of the old stuff like going after cinemas and sundry guilty pleasures.

Song and dance, movies, theatre — there’s enough public ambivalence about whether they are culturally appropriate and religiously permissible to not trigger a wave of revulsion or anger when they’re hit.

If the soft targets are selected more discerningly, the hard targets are picked more liberally.

The army is Enemy No 1. The TTP is always aching to hit it.

Now, having driven a wedge and postponed an operation, the TTP can attack its nemesis. So it does. And all the army can do is limited retaliation.

And since it’s not always easy to get directly at the military, the wider security nexus is whacked too: police, paramilitaries, civilian forces.

See how that works?

When fearful of a military operation, TTP 2.0 ignites fresh fear in the politicians to stave off action. But sowing fear in the politicians comes at the cost of alienating the public, so once TTP 2.0 has bought itself some more time, it recalibrates its attacks.

And once that recalibration leads to pressure anew from the army on the politicians (because the army is made to look weak and vulnerable), the TTP 2.0 can repeat the cycle all over again.

And the TTP 2.0 can do all of that because it’s figured us out. It knows what makes us tick.

The truly troubling bit? The state seems to have no idea what it’s dealing with or even that the enemy has figured it out.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

A slow, unsure walk to speed

While the government dithers over whether to offer 3G mobile-phone licences or 4G, and the five existing mobile-phone service providers are worried about licence fees and network costs, technological purists and consumer activists at least are clear: 4G is hands-down a better option than 3G for Pakistan.

“Pakistan missed the bus on 3G. More than a hundred countries have had it for years. Afghanistan has it, Iraq does, too, and it makes no sense to roll out a decade-old technology,” said Shakir Hussain, founder and CEO of Creative Chaos, a Karachi-based company that develops mobile software.

Most obviously, 4G – short for fourth generation mobile telecommunications technology – is fast. Incomparable in speed to the current, aged data-transfer networks in use in Pakistan, it is also significantly faster than 3G.

A comparative analysis done by a mobile technology website rootmetrics.com helps illustrate the staggering differences in speed:

-- downloading a 20mb game over 3G takes less than three minutes; with 4G it takes less than 25 seconds.

-- posting a picture to Facebook takes approximately 25 seconds over 3G; it can be done in less than a second with 4G.

-- watching high-definition video over 3G could take one-five minutes for playback to begin; over 4G the video can be played in less than 30 seconds.

Not only is 4G faster it is rapidly becoming the norm internationally, having been rolled out at the start of the decade in a technology cycle that has seen new industry standards established every decade or so.

If Pakistan opts to go the 3G route it will have missed two technology waves: first, with 3G over the past decade, and now with rolling out 3G just when the world at large -- including handset makers and network manufacturers -- is adopting speedier, new-generation technology.

Moreover, as Salman Wassey, a long-time telecom executive who now runs his own company, explained the mobile handset market is already evolving: “40 per cent of internet-users in Pakistan use their mobile phone to access the net. There are six to seven million smartphones already and 400,000 smartphones are sold a month. By December, it could be two million a month. Give users fast connections, the latest data technology and they will use it. There could easily be an internet boom.”

Wassey downplayed concerns that 4G handsets and data connections would be prohibitively expensive: “The Chinese handsets sold here could easily go from 3G compatible to 4G. And, whatever the operators may say, there will likely be a major price war over data charges.”

So if, from a consumer perspective, faster is unequivocally better and relatively affordable too, why is the government not committed to introducing 4G and why are the mobile service-providers seemingly unenthusiastic about both 3G and 4G?

The short answer: money. For the government, it is about much-needed budgetary revenue the government believes it can raise by auctioning 3G licences; for the service providers, it is about keeping the licence and setup costs as low as possible at a time in which the industry’s overall profitability is low.

Senior government officials and service-provider executives offered their views on the 3G vs 4G debate, but only on condition of anonymity because the government is yet to announce what will be auctioned and when. In fact, so great is the confusion that mobile-phone-company executives claim the government is unclear about even basic differences between 3G and 4G and the optimal frequency bands in which they are used internationally.

“The finance guys think they squeeze 3G for all its worth and then a little later, do it again with 4G,” a government official said, citing the improbable sum of $2bn that has been mooted in a separate or joint auction of 3G and 4G. “Nobody really knows what’s going on.”

Ali Gilani, a veteran media consultant in the IT and telecom sector, explained the service-providers reservations: “A few hundred million dollars a licence, then another few hundred million to set up the network each -- the operators are wondering if it makes economic sense,” Gilani said. “And the regulatory framework is a mess with so many overlapping agencies.”

And then there is YouTube, which industry experts claim was the main driver of mobile-phone data usage until its ban. “We’ll be the first country in the world where 3G is being introduced and YouTube is banned. What does the government plan to do about YouTube?” Gilani asked.

The man who sold Pakistan

WE’RE already in the middle of it, so why not try and figure out the likely small print. Here’s an idea for the draft agreement:

“The Federal Government shall be under an obligation to take steps to enforce the Shariah, to establish salat, to administer zakat, to promote amr bil ma'roof and nahi anil munkar (to prescribe what is right and to forbid what is wrong), to eradicate corruption at all levels and to provide substantial socio-economic justice, in accordance with the principles of Islam, as laid down in the Holy Quran and Sunnah.”

Sound familiar? It should. That’s the operational part of the 15th Amendment that never was.

If you’re the conspiratorial or cynical sort, here’s a theory for the ages: the once-upon-a-time would-be amirul momineen is about to pull off the greatest political bait-and-switch this country, or perhaps any country, has ever seen.

Nawazul Sharif the amirul momineen. And this time, no one would see it coming — or even blame him for wanting it. It’s the TTP, stupid.

If only. If only that were true. The heart almost aches for it to be true. Anything but the tawdriness and ugliness of protecting Punjab over and above everything else. Amirul momineen would at least suggest a higher purpose.

No, there’s another villain in this piece. Imran Khan. Taliban Khan. The man who smashed this country on the rocks of extremism.

Oh, here we go again, the Khanistas will bleat. Blame Imran for everything. If a dog crosses a road, blame Imran. It’s not even Imran’s government, they will yell. He’s in charge of nothing.

All true. But that still doesn’t make him any less of a villain. In fact, precisely because he is in charge of nothing, he has the freedom to drag us all to ruin.

(KP is a bit prize that the PTI doesn’t even pretend to care about much; it’s Punjab the party really craves.)

The problem with Khan, the problem for all of us, is as simple as it’s ugly: he’s mainstreamed extremism.

Made it sexy, dressed it up, foisted it off on an audience that didn’t really understand what he is selling or why; packaged it as the little blue pill that will make all our troubles go away.

Without Khan, the right-wing wouldn’t disappear. Without Khan, there would still be the Taliban. Without Khan, there’d still be plenty of merchants of hate, bigotry and xenophobia. Without Khan, there’d still be a bunch of apologists.

But without Khan, none of that wouldn’t be as mainstream as it is with Taliban Khan running around.

Let’s play a little game. Imagine there was no Imran. No Taliban Khan on the national stage, no handsome mug and mischievous eyes plastered all over the country and shipped inside every TV. There’s just Zia and his progeny.

So, the usual is playing out. The Taliban are blowing up stuff and themselves, kidnapping a few here and there, issuing their usual threats of taking over the country, etc, etc. Par for the course, really.

Nobody really knows what to do about it. The boys are still playing their games. The pols too weak and scared. The public confused.

Then in walk the original apologists, the political extension of the extremist set. The usual chappies: Fazlu, Jamaatis, Sandwich, et al. And throw in some of the latter-day saints, like Burqa Avenger, aka Abdul Aziz.

And they all have the same message: Taliban misunderstood; all they need is some love; all we — Pakistan — need is some Islam; and all will be good. And boo to the Americans and their evil plans.

Folk listen for a bit, folk yawn, folk go back to their business and have some chai and samosas and laugh about it all.

Those goofy chaps, folk tell themselves, always taking themselves so seriously and pretending nobody knows what they’re all about.

Extremism stays where it belongs: on the margins. Because there’s no one credible to sell it to the centre and the mainstream.

Until Imran. Taliban Khan’s greatest gift is his power of simplification.

Simplification allows you to obfuscate. And obfuscation sells to helluva lot more people than the direct approach — if what you’re selling is the right-wing.

So Taliban Khan arrives with his simplistic formulae. Step one: Pakistan is broken, but Pakistan can be fixed, if only we had a more honest, more patriotic ruling class. Step two: Pakistan doesn’t have a more honest, more patriotic ruling class because they’re corrupt and beholden to outside interests. Step three: Anything that goes wrong inside Pakistan is because of the corrupt, unpatriotic ruling class. Step four: Taliban rose from among the people, a people oppressed by a corrupt and unpatriotic ruling class.

Step five: Taliban are misunderstood, and deliberately so by a corrupt and unpatriotic ruling class that is beholden to self-interest and outside powers.

See how that works?

It mainstreams hate, bigotry and xenophobia without ever sounding hateful, bigoted or xenophobic. It’s all couched in the language of understanding and pain and transferring blame.

And boy, has it sold. That handsome mug, those plaintive eyes, that soft, colloquial Urdu, those open hands — an irresistible package hawking irresistible simplicities.

And just like that, it’s mainstream. Your high-school kid, your average housewife, your gent on a charpai, your trousered and shirted office 9-to-5-er, every one of them a little Khanista.

Drinking from the fountain of refreshing truth, oblivious to its source. Lapping up Imran. Lapping up Taliban Khan, the man who sold Pakistan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Dar strikes again

Ostensibly autonomous and with a fixed three-year term under his belt, governor of the State Bank is supposed to be one of the safest and most secure jobs in Pakistan.

But with the ouster of Yaseen Anwar last week, the SBP governorship has begun to resemble the prime ministerial hot seat of the 1990s: Anwar, two years, three months; Shahid Kardar, 10 months; Salim Reza, one year.

So what has gone wrong at the State Bank of Pakistan and will the likely announcement of Mohammad Aurangzeb, a private-sector banker in Singapore, as the next governor help end the turmoil at the top in the SBP?

In conversations with Dawn, senior government officials, bankers and IFI representatives offered their opinions on the ouster of Anwar and what his likely replacement means for the stewardship of the economy in the year ahead.

With the fearsome and all-powerful Ishaq Dar dominating the fiscal and economic landscape at the moment, most only agreed to speak on the condition of anonymity.“(Yaseen) Anwar’s problem was that he did not quite understand just how important the exchange rate is to Dar,” a senior government official said.

The official and others familiar with the wrangling between the SBP and finance ministry claimed that while Dar always intended to replace the PPP-appointee Anwar, the decision was expedited by Anwar not sharing Dar’s obsession with artificially slowing the slide of the rupee against the US dollar.

But the principal problem for Anwar, who is believed to have lobbied then-President Asif Zardari to appoint him as SBP governor in a much-speculated-about quid pro quo, was less about policy differences and more about Dar wanting his own team.

“Dar is a control freak. He doesn’t just want his way, he wants things done in the exact manner he wants them done,” a PML-N member of the government’s economic team said.

What about the autonomy and independence of the State Bank? “Autonomy of the State Bank is a flawed concept,” a finance ministry official said.

A former state banker was more blunt: “Some of us think governments worry about monetary policy. They don’t give a s**t. Borrowing? You have this gorilla in the room (the government) and he wants to write a cheque (government borrowing). What are you (the SBP) going to do? Dishonour it?”

The former state banker continued: “All they care about is the banks and regulations and NPLs (non-performing loans).”

That lop-sided focus – on the SBP’s banking-sector role as opposed to its other mandates: setting monetary policy to help spur growth and control inflation and encouraging development-oriented growth – was reflected in the words of the PML-N leader speaking on condition of anonymity:

“Look, if it’s Aurangzeb (as the next SBP governor), he’s going to do what Dar tells him to do. But there’s so much that can be done in terms of focusing on the banks and working on the debt profile and structure. The government could save $500m a year just by better managing its debt.”

An IFI representative said, “The problem is, the government believes that good economic policy is made by businessmen and bankers, not by economists. But the fundamental problem is that for the next two years, you’re stuck with the IMF.

“You need someone at the SBP who can talk to the economists sitting on the other side of the table in their own language. Will a banker (Aurangzeb) be able to do that?” the IFI representative asked.

Shahid Kardar, Yasin Anwar’s predecessor who lasted less than a year, suggested the real problem is systemic: “The economy is in the ICU and someone else is paying our bills. Outside the ICU, the patient has to also do something to make himself better, to exercise maybe. So why would you want to leave?”

Where does that leave Dar, the micromanaging finance minister who is reinforcing his old reputation for putting arch-loyalty and total control ahead of everything else, and his plans for the economy?

“He (Dar) needs all this control because the margins of error are so small. The head is barely above the water. And the plan is the same as it’s always been in Pakistan: keep the head above water,” a government official said.

Capital bits and bobs

IT’S been one of those weeks, so let’s deal in bite-size nuggets. Here, in no particular order, is the chatter on Pak.

Musharraf: When Nawaz turned up in parliament, Mush and his lawyers knew everything was riding on that one speech: if a military operation was announced, the trial was dead in the water.

There’s just no way you can send soldiers to their death while simultaneously going after their former chief for treason.

Theoretically, it could be argued that those parallel events could strengthen the democratic order. But let’s get serious. This is Pakistan. An operation in NWA and the trial would have been over.

So now what? Now it has to move quickly. A few weeks, a month tops. Anything longer and uncertainty will creep in again.

Right now, the ducks are lined up for the prosecution. The fabled Jadoogar of Jeddah has missed a step or two, perhaps misreading the national mood and maybe his client’s too.

Nawaz is solidly behind a trial and has assured everyone involved that he won’t blink. (Of course, the pre-speech nervousness exposed the fickleness of a politician’s word.)

The outside powers are suggesting they’re OK with a trial and conviction as long as there’s a quick pardon and ticket out of Pakistan.

But ducks in a row for the prosecution still means someone’s got to knock ’em over. Which is why the word from the prosecution is: this has to move fast.

Meanwhile, the word on the prosecution is that it may have led Nawaz into a right ol’ mess by convincing him that a trial would be quick and clean.

Talks: We already know that everybody was ambushed by the talks-again talk of Nawaz. So what will it take to take talks off the table?

Let’s not pussyfoot around: Punjab will have to burn. Like it did in ’09, ’10.

Karachi burns? They’re a bunch of maniacs anyway. Peshawar? They’re used to it. Quetta? Who cares. Fata? It’s not really part of Pakistan.

But Punjab. Lahore is the mother lode; Isloo an irresistible international headline; but even the lesser abodes matter much. If that sounds offensive to many an ear, it is — and because everyone knows it’s true.

There’s another angle to it though, one already mooted. If Nawaz is going to march on the TTP, he’s going to make sure it’s a three-legged march — with Imran strapped to his side.

The reason is obvious. There’s only one threat to Fortress Sharif in Punjab: you-know-who. Except, the maths of the argument as usually presented is a bit off.

Nawaz is plenty shrewd. He knows the chances of him getting wiped out or overrun in Punjab are low — even if it’s Imran on the other side.

But Nawaz’s greatest strength is also his greatest weakness. To stay relevant nationally, to vie for power at the centre, Nawaz doesn’t just have to hold Punjab, he has to utterly dominate it.

With no real base outside the province and Punjab’s population set to hover around 50pc of the national whole, the political maths is clear: PML-N wins power nationally only if it completely sweeps Punjab. Like it did last May.

And the only person who can dent a Punjab sweep — and thus force the PML-N into noxious coalition politics — is, yes, him: Imran.

So best to keep him strapped to your side when taking the single biggest risk with your prized possession. If Punjab suffers, Nawaz sure as hell won’t let Imran get away with claiming it’s Nawaz’s fault.

Privatisation: Or call it Mansha-isation. The lurid tales you’ve heard already? All true. Evidence of epic corruption as yet? No.

It’s not just Mansha. Everywhere you look, billionaires with money to spend and/or a decent credit line — and there’s a fair few of them — are salivating at the thought of the goodies about to be offered up.

Meanwhile, the quasi-socialists — barely outnumbering the billionaires — are bleating about fat cats and how privatisation doesn’t work. Surprise, surprise, neither side is telling the whole truth.

The basic PML-N philosophy is simple, and ugly: the rich are meant to look after the poor, so make the rich richer and they’ll be able to look after more of the poor.

Implemented from within the state that means selling off assets to the few who can afford them and throwing fistfuls of cash at the poor — lower middle class, really — via the pet schemes that characterise PML-N governments.

It’s a hybrid, private-public type of patronage state they want — and of course it won’t work because it’s patronising and ugly.

The basic PPP-type, anti-privatisation philosophy is also simple, and equally ugly: the rich are meant to look after the poor, and since no one is as rich as the state with its endless supply of money and credit, let everyone suckle at the teats of the state.

It’s not like anyone in the anti-privatisation camp really believes the state is any good at running businesses. The nakedly political view is that it’s a good way to give people jobs for free.

The slightly more nuanced view is that when the state is broken and the economy so thoroughly skewed towards special interests, why deny a few billion in salaries to tens of thousands of families who genuinely need it to get by?

Bottom line: nobody is talking about the stuff that truly turns around economies — good structures and well-thought-out reforms.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The legal side of terror

WHETHER mild tinkering or radical overhaul, whenever the country’s anti-terrorism legislative framework has been reworked the results have tilted in a particular direction: towards draconian, security-state practices and away from a fundamental rights-based approach.

Historically, the reasons for that tilt have been relatively straightforward: civilian politicians have quickly and wholly deferred to the army’s demands and opinions on the security front. But history appears to be repeating itself with the PML-N government’s decision to promulgate the controversial Protection of Pakistan (Amendment) Ordinance, 2014.

“I thought we were not a police state anymore, that we are a welfare state,” said Munir Malik, attorney general of Pakistan until his resignation earlier this month. “The fundamental problem is we are unable to go on, to get away from the past,” Malik added.

The PPO amendment has been widely criticised in legal circles for being shoddily drafted and incompatible with constitutionally guaranteed fundamental rights. Even senior government officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, make little attempt to defend it – and readily explain its true purpose.

“The original PPO, in October, that was very much something that the prime minister himself had also wanted. This one (the latest ordinance) came from the brass because of institutions – the (Supreme) Court’s direction that the missing persons issue be addressed through legislation,” a senior government official said.

In truth, there are few true advocates of a rights-based approach in any corner of the state apparatus when it comes to dealing with the terrorism threat. Most echo the approach of Akram Sheikh, the go-to lawyer of the PML-N leadership, who told Dawn: “I am a proponent of fundamental rights, even the fundamental rights of a terrorist.

“But I also believe a balance has to be struck between protection of fundamental rights and dealing with the terrorist threat. Both are of vital importance to the state.”

Still, it is question of degree – and the civilian leadership tends to be more aware of the need to uphold constitutional safeguards and protect fundamental rights.

The senior government official who admitted the recent PPO was dictated by the army, said, “We will revisit this. There will be safeguards and review boards and the like. There will need to be sunset clauses,” a reference to time limits on legislation.

As for the army, a lawyer who has advised its leadership on legal matters claimed there is a nascent realisation within the army leadership that the old way of doing business may have to change.

“Before it used to be, ‘We need this, now make it happen.’ Now they ask what the legal position is first and what can be done,” the lawyer said, speaking on the condition of anonymity.

“It’s particularly true when it comes to the international climate and it began after 2008. The Mumbai attacks made them realise how much legal trouble they could be exposed to.”

Domestically too the twin Protection of Pakistan Ordinances are seen by some legal analysts as an improvement over past practice.

“Previously they (the army) was operating completely outside the law on the missing persons issue,” said Salman Akram Raja, a Supreme Court lawyer. “Now, by using terms like enemy alien and specifying that Article 10 will be applicable to enemy combatants, they are using the language of the constitution.”

But Raja and other legal analysts suggest that even if the legal challenges to the second PPO are fended off, the legislation is more legal kabuki than a meaningful attempt to resolve the missing-persons issue.

Said one prominent constitutional expert who spoke on the condition of anonymity: “The retrospective effect of the PPO is the most problematic area. But even with that in place, the army has been denying before the courts they have the missing persons in their custody, so how will they be able to admit they have them now?”

Meanwhile, a familiar problem continues to plague the efforts to revamp the country’s anti-terror legal framework: ad hoc-ism.

Saba Imtiaz, a journalist and author who tracks anti-terror legislation from a human rights perspective, said, “You can see it right there in the language of laws like the PPO how they (the legal drafters) are responding to immediate events instead of thinking how this ought to work over a number of years.”

Imtiaz added: “So tourists get killed in Chilas, and then targeting tourists becomes punishable. Polio or aid workers are targeted, then targeting them becomes an offence. It’s like they are responding to the news instead of thinking of frameworks and long-term effects.”

The silo effect

FOLLOW the trail of crumbs. There are always crumbs. And sometimes they lead somewhere.

The boys want to go after the bad guys. Whack them. Pulverise them. Put the fear of God and the boys into them for generations to come. Etc, etc.

Let’s go, Greens, let’s go.

And, suddenly, lemming-like, everyone is falling into line. The talks’ talk has scattered. Everyone wants to talk war and formations and brigades and operations and intelligence.

But hang on, where is all of this pressure coming from? The boys, of course. Everyone knows that.

Whacked in Mirali, they hit back. Whacked in Bannu, they hit back. Suddenly, the boys are straining at the leash. They want to finish this. The TTP.

The boys want to do what the boys were raised to do. Be the saviour, defend the country, save the day.

New chief, new resolve, clarity like never before. It’s an irresistible storyline, so why question it? Who cares about motives and intentions, as long as the job gets done, right?

Not quite. Because much depends on how the job is defined. And, surprise, surprise, no one really wants to talk about what the job is, exactly.

So let’s follow the trail of crumbs. Crumb one. Fazlullah is a bad guy. Worse yet, he’s fallen into the wrong company — next door, where terrible things against Pakistan are plotted. Somehow, he finagled his way into the TTP hot seat. He’s an irreconcilable.

Crumb two. What’s changed? We’ve been doing this for years. They even had a name for it: the prioritisation approach. You whack us, we’ll whack you; you play nice, we’ll look the other way. Also known as good Taliban/bad Taliban. Now repackaged as miscreants and reconcilables.

Crumb three. We know where to find them — if we want to find them. And, after years of doing the irregular war thing, we’re still a bit messy at it, but kinda OK too.

Crumb four. There aren’t a whole lot of them. The TTP and sundry other bits and bobs the state might have to fight. A couple of thousand to several thousand to a couple of tens of thousands, at most. Nothing fundamentally unmanageable — even if you accept there’ll be less frontal and more guerrilla/insurgent/ruddy-little-mongrel type of fighting.

Crumb five. Swat is the end state. There is no exit strategy and the best-case scenario ends with a permanent military presence. Good idea/bad idea, who knows. We’ll find out eventually.

Crumb six. Afghanistan. Fill in the blanks.

Those are the crumbs. Add a few, subtract a couple — it doesn’t really matter. Because there’s enough in there for both storylines.

Story A: army has realised militancy is bad and, at long last, wants to end the domestic security threat.

Story B: army is in a belligerent mood because it is being attacked and the public mood is souring, but assets are assets and tamping down the domestic threat now does equal chucking out the Taliban baby with the dirty Pakistani water.

The problem is the boys and their silos.

Three silos matter: Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kashmir/India. Maybe two in the present instance: Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Sitting atop the silos are the two decision-makers: the chief and the DGI. They can choose which silo to listen to or which combination of silos to listen to or in which sequence the silos should have their say.

But, and this is the crucial bit, the chief and the DGI are always in charge of which silo is heard in public.

Right now, we’re hearing the Pakistan silo. That’s the group of boys tasked with tracking the internal security threat.

The Pakistan silo knows everything about the domestic threat — about the groups, about the flux, about the morphing and chopping and changing, about the aims and ideology and the reconcilability or not.

And the Pakistan silo is clear: get them now or they’ll take you down. Because they are immersed in the threat, studying it, tracking it, mapping it, the Pakistan silo can connect the dots easily enough. And the dots read: do it soon or this won’t end well, for anyone.

So that’s what we’re hearing in public through the usual proxies.

The boys want to go after the bad guys. Whack them. Pulverise them. Put the fear of God and the boys into them for generations to come. Etc, etc.

Let’s go, Greens, let’s go.

And, suddenly, lemming-like, everyone is falling into line.

Everyone, that is, who believes what they hear and forgets the other silo: Afghanistan.

Over in the Afghanistan silo, it’s a different kind of urgency. It’s 2014. The next phase is in motion and interests have to be protected.

Necessarily, the following rules apply: it’s a zero-sum game — others win, Pakistan loses; the interests, and so time horizon, are longish — five, 10, 15 years; and unrest inside Pakistan is linked to the international struggle for supremacy in Afghanistan.

Here’s where things break down: the Afghanistan silo sees the internal security threat as subordinate to the greater, regional threat to Pakistan. Simply, the threat at home is always more manageable than the threat that looms on our borders.

And to forget that the Afghanistan silo inside the army is co-equal to the Pakistan silo is to forget everything that makes the boys boys.

Right now, the Pakistan silo has cranked up its megaphone and been given the go-ahead to shout itself hoarse.

But beware the silent types — they do their best work in the shadows and without much fuss. Beware the Afghanistan silo.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Media under Taliban pressure

Away from the cameras and newsprint, a wave of fear and foreboding has swept through the media in recent weeks and months. Last week, in the killing of three Express News employees by the Taliban in Karachi, many of the industry’s fears coalesced bloodily – and few expect the threat to recede.

In a series of conversations with Dawn, senior journalists offered their views on why, at this juncture, the Taliban are trying once again to intimidate the media and also shed some light on the behind-the-scenes pressure that is being brought to bear and that is rarely made public.

“If the focus was on news before, now it’s on views,” Mushtaq Minhas, co-anchor of Bolta Pakistan on Aaj News, said. “(The Taliban) want to dilute the growing state and society narrative against them and want to impose their own narrative.”

Minhas claimed that the growing sophistication of the Taliban’s media operations – both in terms of putting out their own message and closely monitoring the electronic and print media in Urdu, English and regional languages – has meant that the Taliban are alert to growing public and media criticism of the TTP and the possibility of an impending military response by the state against the TTP.

Several journalists, who declined to be named, specifically mentioned Omar Khalid, the TTP Mohmand leader, and the deputy leader of the TTP, Khalid Haqqani, as being especially media-savvy and intent on intimidating the industry.

The public clash of narratives has also exacted a toll behind the scenes. Privately, journalists tell of TV anchors and media bosses who have moved their families abroad or increased private security manifold.

Seated in his office at a distance from its large windows, a small precaution against a potential blast or sniper’s bullet, a senior journalist told of an increase in threatening phone calls and text messages sent by the Taliban – and not just to senior or high-profile media personnel.

“It’s not just us, the faces on TV. They know the personal numbers of in-house employees, the desk in-charges; the people no one outside the organisation or a small circle would know about. Who is giving them these numbers?” the journalist asked, leaving his question unanswered.

As ever, in the murky world of the Taliban and its many offshoots pursuing agendas of their own, it is not always clear why certain media groups and personalities have incurred the Taliban’s wrath.

In some cases, such as Hamid Mir and Hasan Nisar’s, the Taliban’s calculations may be more apparent.

“I’m a target of everyone,” Hamid Mir said ruefully. “That fatwa, with mine and Hasan Nisar’s picture at the top, well, with me they (the Taliban) say that, most recently, I promoted Malala.

And with him (Nisar), it could be the sectarian issue or that he is seen as pro-Musharraf or that he uses strong language.”

But M. Ziauddin, the executive editor of the Express Tribune, said the Express media group is unsure why it has become a repeated target of the Taliban. “The sectarian thing could be a reason.

But the Urdu channel and newspaper coverage is not very different to the other mainstream competition.”

With full and proper explanations yet to be mooted, the vortex of conspiracy has spawned some darker theories about the true origins of the campaign against the media.

“Who does it suit, intimidating the media to give the Taliban narrative more airtime?” a TV news director asked, speaking on the condition of anonymity. “It’s obvious: the establishment.”

The director claimed that a by-product of the media’s growing criticism of the Taliban in Pakistan is that it has affected how the Afghan Taliban are perceived.

“You hear the anchors saying it more and more, ‘Enough of this good Taliban, bad Taliban nonsense,’” he said.

“But it’s 2014 and all eyes will be on Afghanistan, so they need to keep the Taliban narrative alive, to keep it legitimate. They are stakeholders, remember?”

Whatever the true origins of the threat to the media, this much is clear: journalists expect little respite. A newspaper editor said, “My understanding is that (the TTP) intend to make a big impact by targeting a big media house or a leading anchor or editor to assess the reaction.”

The editor continued: “The failure of media houses and journalists to draw up a joint strategy and raise a collective voice goes in the TTP’s favour. It’s only a matter of time before they carry out their first major attack.”

The nothing state

THE easiest thing to do is — nothing. It’s also the easiest thing to forget — that doing nothing is always an option.

Must, should, could, may — maybe not, after all. Or, just a whimpered no.

Everyone is so desperate to get the state to do its job — some of its job, part of its job, any of its job — that they forget that it’s also possible for the state to not do its job. At all.

Zardari it was easy to beat up on. No one liked him anyway.

Nawaz, perhaps fairly, possibly unfairly, was supposed to be a different bag. Even if you didn’t like him, he seemed like a guy who understood the job — finally — and was willing to do something about it.

Now, he’s just ambling around, not even making a pretence of making a pretence. Remember January? Two new chiefs, all the plans to be unveiled then? Yeah, never mind.

But forget Nawaz and Zardari and Imran for a minute. Because there’s so much focus on them, the point can sometimes get obscured by the emotions and stakes in play.

Have a look over at Balochistan. How, exactly, is Malik’s government turning out to be any different to Raisani’s?

Raisani didn’t care and didn’t even try to hide that he didn’t care — he knew who was really in charge, he knew his impotence and he was OK with it.

Malik cares and tries to show that he cares — but the ones in charge are still in charge and there’s not much that Malik can do about it.

End result the same, just different route to getting there. It’s like being asked to choose between getting whacked on the head and punched in the gut. A niche choice for the fetishists, perhaps.

Nothing. Doing nothing is the easiest thing to do.

But the quicksand. It’s pulling them in. It’s pulling us all in. The inexorable pull of the grim inevitable. Save us, save themselves. Do something, anything. They have to do something.

But they don’t. They don’t have to do anything. Because there is no pressure on them. Or pressure on them of the right sort anyway.

Yes, there is unhappiness. Yes, there is wailing and chest-beating. Yes, there is rancour and bitterness. But there is no organised constituency for change and reform in society — a constituency than can systematically and methodically put pressure on the state to do its job.

Well, there is an organised constituency for change — just not of the good kind. But we’ll get to that in a bit. Little examples will suffice.

A few schoolchildren die in a thoroughly avoidable road accident. Then, another few die in another thoroughly avoidable accident. Then, yet another bunch of them die in yet another thoroughly avoidable incident.

So, what happens next? Nothing. Or, more bluntly, resignation to the next bunch of kids dying in the next thoroughly avoidable accident that will be mourned for a bit.

The path to change is obvious. Pakistani roads are dangerous. You really can’t eliminate all the risk to schoolchildren in isolation: fully protected kids means fully protected everyone on the roads — and that’s a long, long way off.

But that doesn’t mean nothing can be done to reduce at least some of the risk kids face while being ferried to school and back. Adequate vehicles that are properly maintained and properly licensed drivers with adequate training — those two, small steps alone could save the lives of many schoolchildren.

And it’s not like it’s hard to find the school vans and drivers. Schools aren’t exactly hidden away.

But who’s demanding it? Nobody.

The ones with most at stake — the parents — are the most obvious constituency for reform. But they still haven’t coalesced into a meaningful constituency for reform — so nobody is petitioning the schools, the van and bus operators, the local administration, the government.

Nothing. Other than grieving for the dead.

Here’s the thing with positive reforms: more often than not, they need perseverance. Months, years, time, patience. Lots and lots of patience. And organisation. A constituency for reform. Because reform, by definition, means getting the state to do something it isn’t willing to do of its own volition.

Zoom out from schoolchildren dying in thoroughly avoidable accidents and look elsewhere. Where are the constituencies for reform — the organised, seeking-to-improve-the-public-good kind?

The economy? Where’s the constituency for reform? Rights? Ditto. Security? Let’s not even go there.

There are pleas from the public — please, leaders, elected representatives, state, lead us out of the darkness somehow.

There are no demands — insistent, fierce, persistent demands — from the public: it’s your job, dammit, and we’re going to stay on your case until you do what you were elected, appointed or nominated to do.

The attitude is more ‘save us’ than ‘this is our right’. Always a plea, never a demand.

But see how the other side does it, the forces of darkness. Organised, persistent, loud, insistent, furious. We want you, the state, to do X and until you give us X we’re going to hound you and threaten you and intimidate you.

So the right wing and beyond always gets what it wants. Because it knows how to get it. They are a constituency for change — just not the kind of change you or I would like to see.

That’s why they do nothing. Nawaz or Zardari. Raheel or Kayani. Malik or Raisani.

Because doing nothing is an option.

It’s just that everyone else forgets that they do have a choice — and nothing comes as easy as doing nothing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

At war with ourselves

ALL aboard. The train to nowhere is pulling out. Goodbye, Pakistan. Hello, oblivion. Goodnight and good luck. Until next time.

We’ve been here before so many times that, even before it’s over, you know already there will be a next time. Brave boy did what brave boys shouldn’t have to do. Fierce cop did what fierce cops shouldn’t be allowed to do. Both are now dead.

No problem. We’ve got another 200 million to go.

Helpless? Sure. Senseless? Yeah. Recurring? Definitely. Anything new to say? No.

The basic mistake: we’re not at war with the Taliban; we’re at war with ourselves.

So whatcha gonna do? Not much. Twiddle a few thumbs, stamp a few feet, shed a few tears. Onwards.

The show must go on. Ghoulish or not. With or without you. Obviously, without a few — you just hope you won’t end up as the unlucky few. Alive is still better than dead. Even in Pakistan.

Why can’t they get it? Why can’t they — the pols, the uniforms — get what’s at stake? Why can’t they recognise the enemy for what it is? Why, why, why?

They do know. They do get it. Hell, they get it better than any of us — that Pakistan is at war with itself. That the enemy isn’t just within; the enemy is us.

That Musharraf chappie is in the news again. He once owned Pakistan. Strutting his stuff, world at his feet, Pakistanis paying obeisance — and then it all collapsed.

We know why it all collapsed, but there’s a little corner of that explanation that few venture towards.

Go back to his ’08 team, fighting in the trenches, trying to cling on to their seats, and ask them why they lost.

Sample answer: the local mullah said that if whoever voted for us, their nikkah would break.

Or: they claimed that it would desecrate the memory of the dead.

Or — the real kicker: it would be an insult to Islam.

Yep, Lal Masjid.

Of course, by Feb ’08, the Musharrafites knew the game was up, that it was truly over — and for a bunch of reasons. But Lal Masjid sticks out in their memory most — because the passions surrounding it were so raw.

And they were raw because the temporal is a distant second to the spiritual. Always has been; increasingly is so.

To translate: what the law is or says or demands or wants can go to hell when a higher, spiritual, religious law is invoked.

Or, to simplify: their version of Islam first; everything else can, well, go to hell.

The politicians got it then and they get it now: the battle for the people has already been lost.

Whatever the political settlement Pakistan finally achieves, it will happen somewhere along the spectrum between the centre-right and the extreme right.

The pols just kinda hope that events don’t nudge that settlement too far to the right — for beyond a point, politicians themselves become dispensable. Democracy is kuffar, remember?

Zardari got it too. When urged by the few — the very, very few — around him to push back against the tide of hate, he’d always ask the same question: how many have you got, how many can you bring out on the streets?

The conversation would usually end there.

The army gets it too. Listen carefully to the language it deploys: TTP bad because it attacks us.

Not jihad bad. Not we’re sorry for what we’ve done to this place and now we are going to help fix it. Not never, ever again will we dabble in darkness.

Just: TTP bad because it attacks us.

It makes sense. When your whole schtick is about honour and protection, keeping you and yours safe, you’ve got to call out the enemy for being the enemy.

But only a sliver of it: the guys with guns pointed at you.

The infrastructure of jihad? The mosque-madressah-social welfare network? The enabling environment? The in-house cleansing?

Shhh. The TTP is bad. Let’s go get ’em.

The reason for the army’s reticence is the same as the politicians’ squeamishness: they know which way society is orientated.

Who wants to fight a war that’s already been lost?

So we’re left with a brave boy doing what brave boys shouldn’t have to do. And a fierce cop doing things that fierce cops shouldn’t be allowed to do.

Tears have been shed. Monsters have been denounced. Apologists have been condemned.

We’ve seen it all before. And we’ll see it all again.

Because it really isn’t about the Taliban, the militants, the terrorists, whatever the hell you want to call them.

Say they’re one big group or maybe 50 splinter groups. Say they’re in 20 districts or perhaps 80. Say they’re five, ten, fifteen — fifty thousand.

Who knows, who cares?

We can’t get them. We can’t get them because society won’t let it happen.

Follow the wire back from the dynamite to the trigger. There’s your problem.

The stuff that goes boom we have the capacity to take care of. That’s the Taliban. But try digging out the trigger. The trigger that is embedded deep within this society.

Monsters will be monsters and monstrous things they will always do. But we’re not at war with the Taliban; we’re at war with ourselves.

We just haven’t admitted it yet.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

At war with ourselves

ALL aboard. The train to nowhere is pulling out. Goodbye, Pakistan. Hello, oblivion. Goodnight and good luck.

Until next time.

We’ve been here before so many times that, even before it’s over, you know already there will be a next time.

Brave boy did what brave boys shouldn’t have to do. Fierce cop did what fierce cops shouldn’t be allowed to do. Both are now dead.

No problem. We’ve got another 200 million to go.

Helpless? Sure. Senseless? Yeah. Recurring? Definitely. Anything new to say? No.

The basic mistake: we’re not at war with the Taliban; we’re at war with ourselves.

So whatcha gonna do? Not much. Twiddle a few thumbs, stamp a few feet, shed a few tears. Onwards.

The show must go on. Ghoulish or not. With or without you. Obviously, without a few — you just hope you won’t end up as the unlucky few. Alive is still better than dead. Even in Pakistan.

Why can’t they get it? Why can’t they — the pols, the uniforms — get what’s at stake? Why can’t they recognise the enemy for what it is? Why, why, why?

They do know. They do get it. Hell, they get it better than any of us — that Pakistan is at war with itself. That the enemy isn’t just within; the enemy is us.

That Musharraf chappie is in the news again. He once owned Pakistan. Strutting his stuff, world at his feet, Pakistanis paying obeisance — and then it all collapsed.

We know why it all collapsed, but there’s a little corner of that explanation that few venture towards.

Go back to his ’08 team, fighting in the trenches, trying to cling on to their seats, and ask them why they lost.

Sample answer: the local mullah said that if whoever voted for us, their nikkah would break.

Or: they claimed that it would desecrate the memory of the dead.

Or — the real kicker: it would be an insult to Islam.

Yep, Lal Masjid.

Of course, by Feb ’08, the Musharrafites knew the game was up, that it was truly over — and for a bunch of reasons. But Lal Masjid sticks out in their memory most — because the passions surrounding it were so raw.

And they were raw because the temporal is a distant second to the spiritual. Always has been; increasingly is so.

To translate: what the law is or says or demands or wants can go to hell when a higher, spiritual, religious law is invoked.

Or, to simplify: their version of Islam first; everything else can, well, go to hell.

The politicians got it then and they get it now: the battle for the people has already been lost.

Whatever the political settlement Pakistan finally achieves, it will happen somewhere along the spectrum between the centre-right and the extreme right.

The pols just kinda hope that events don’t nudge that settlement too far to the right — for beyond a point, politicians themselves become dispensable. Democracy is kuffar, remember?

Zardari got it too. When urged by the few — the very, very few — around him to push back against the tide of hate, he’d always ask the same question: how many have you got, how many can you bring out on the streets?

The conversation would usually end there.

The army gets it too. Listen carefully to the language it deploys: TTP bad because it attacks us.

Not jihad bad. Not we’re sorry for what we’ve done to this place and now we are going to help fix it. Not never, ever again will we dabble in darkness.

Just: TTP bad because it attacks us.

It makes sense. When your whole schtick is about honour and protection, keeping you and yours safe, you’ve got to call out the enemy for being the enemy.

But only a sliver of it: the guys with guns pointed at you.

The infrastructure of jihad? The mosque-madressah-social welfare network? The enabling environment? The in-house cleansing?

Shhh. The TTP is bad. Let’s go get ’em.

The reason for the army’s reticence is the same as the politicians’ squeamishness: they know which way society is orientated.

Who wants to fight a war that’s already been lost?

So we’re left with a brave boy doing what brave boys shouldn’t have to do. And a fierce cop doing things that fierce cops shouldn’t be allowed to do.

Tears have been shed. Monsters have been denounced. Apologists have been condemned.

We’ve seen it all before. And we’ll see it all again.

Because it really isn’t about the Taliban, the militants, the terrorists, whatever the hell you want to call them.

Say they’re one big group or maybe 50 splinter groups. Say they’re in 20 districts or perhaps 80. Say they’re five, ten, fifteen — fifty thousand.

Who knows, who cares?

We can’t get them. We can’t get them because society won’t let it happen.

Follow the wire back from the dynamite to the trigger. There’s your problem.

The stuff that goes boom we have the capacity to take care of. That’s the Taliban. But try digging out the trigger. The trigger that is embedded deep within this society.

Monsters will be monsters and monstrous things they will always do. But we’re not at war with the Taliban; we’re at war with ourselves.

We just haven’t admitted it yet.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Police struggle for control

The police is a victim of interference. The police is a victim of neglect.

The fight against militancy and terrorism in the cities cannot be won without the provincial police forces. The police needs urgent reform and overhaul.

Each time the police and its counter-terrorism role make the news, a host of familiar questions follow. Or perhaps just one big question: to what extent can the provincial police services, as presently constituted, help push back against militancy and terrorism?

The case of Aslam Khan, assassinated on Thursday in Karachi, offers anecdotal evidence in both directions: the successes he did rack up often came with allegations of brutality and lawlessness; and, in the end, Aslam lost his life to terrorism.

Gauging the overall success or failure thus far of the police’s counter-terrorism mission nationally is particularly difficult because the failures are often much more public than the successes.

But in a series of conversations with Dawn, police officers — serving and retired — offered their own assessments of the police’s performance on the counter-terrorism front. Serving officers only agreed to speak on the condition of anonymity.

“Look, there are a lot of weaknesses and constraints. But if you gave us a free hand, if you let us do our job professionally, we would be able to produce 50 per cent more results in a short time,” a senior Police Service of Pakistan (PSP) officer claimed.

The officer added that a fundamental misunderstanding of policymakers about what constitutes counter-terrorism in urban environments has hamstrung the police. “It is not just about giving us guns and vehicles. I need to know what’s stored on the laptops we recover. I need to track communications (of militants). I need to know where they (militants) are getting their funding from,” the senior officer said.

Tariq Khosa, a retired senior police officer, argued that failures on both the strategic and the operational level have compromised the counter-terrorism abilities of the police. “Whether it’s top-down or bottom-up, it hasn’t really been thought through. And there is no sustained implementation. Even the basic human intelligence that the police gathers by virtue of having its ear to the ground has not really been nurtured at the police- station level,” Khosa said. “And how can you, for example, deal with LJ in Balochistan without addressing its presence in other parts of the country? Where is the coordination, where is the planning?

Tariq Pervez, a former head of the FIA and Nacta, was also blunt in his assessment: “Yes, there are may be some questions marks over the professional competence of the police, but it’s the overall system that is flawed and weak. It’s a question of will. It’s a question of interference.”

Another senior serving PSP officer speaking on the condition of anonymity argued that the basic problem is a skewed approach: “Some people talk about special forces, about the military leading the counter-terrorism programme in the cities and urban areas, but it’s just a fact that it’s the police that has to lead. If you don’t accept that, then you’re going to end up going around in circles.”

While institutional loyalty was evident in many of the answers — several officers pointed to the number of assassinations of policemen as evidence of the police doing something right on the counter-terrorism front rather than as a failure to protect itself — police officers reflecting on their own organisations’ role in the overall counter-terrorism framework appeared to focus on two problems.

“With what we’ve got at the moment, if the politicians willed it and the security establishment stopped sending mixed signals, the police could significantly help clamp down on militancy,” Tariq Khosa said. “Look at Karachi, where just a semblance of non-interference has brought some stability.”

If solid political will to allow the police to function relatively autonomously is one half of the puzzle, the other half appears to be an equally old problem: the reluctance of the army to cede space to civilian law-enforcement agencies, especially on the intelligence front.

In a leaked version of the Abbottabad Commission report, then-DG ISI Gen Pasha’s mistrust of the police was baldly recorded: “With regard to sharing information with the police, the concern was one of the needs for confidentiality. There were too many instances where information shared with the police had been compromised. Accordingly, the ISI preferred to act alone.” “Counter-terrorism is not necessarily about shooting and killing,” a police officer argued. “It’s about a slow and painstaking process of gathering intelligence. If you don’t have intelligence, you will end up with nothing.”

A trial like no other

CONVICT him. Lock him up in a cell and throw away the key. Let him get his comeuppance. Deterrence, justice, revenge — maybe it’s one, maybe it’s another, maybe it’s all three. Either way, the crime fits the man.

Or let him go. Everyone was on board in ’99. After ’07, he was gone in less than a year. It was, originally, a political crime — and the polity was his accomplice. Then, the polity moved on and that was that.

Musharraf. What are folk trying to get him for: seizing power or what he did with the power he seized?

The good thing about systems, the anti-coup democrats will argue, is that outcomes aren’t necessarily shaped by motives. Putting Musharraf on trial for the wrong reasons can still lead to the right outcome: less army influence, more civilian control.

The bad thing about systems, the realists will argue, is that outcomes aren’t necessarily shaped by motives. Putting Musharraf on trial for the right reasons can still lead to the wrong outcome: more civilian arrogance, more army antsiness.

But, first, we need to understand the system. And before that, because people populate the system, we need to understand the players.

There’s only one person who will make the decision whether Musharraf will be tried or not: Nawaz. And if anyone thinks he knows what Nawaz is thinking, he’s kidding himself. Like, really. The already notoriously closed-up has taken on a Sphinx-like air of mystery this time round.

Somewhere inside Nawaz is a decision-making centre that combines the personal with the visceral and a folksy understanding of systems. When you throw the Musharraf-trial complexities and angles and doubts and intentions into that decision-making centre, what will prevail in the end is anyone’s guess.

So expect to see Musharraf smoking a cigar in London soon or expect to see him on trial. Be surprised by neither.

But back to the system — because not knowing what Nawaz will decide doesn’t mean we can’t figure out what’s at stake.

Whether Musharraf is tried or not, the democratic project will continue. Nobody really thinks that a Musharraf trial would prompt Gen Sharif to oust PM Sharif.

Whether Musharraf is tried or not will though affect civil-military relations. If you can try a general — and not just any general, but one of the Club of Four — things change; power flows towards you some and away from the generals.

But there’s a third corner to this triangle, the one few ever focus on: the people.

It’s not just civil vs military or civ-mil imbalance; it’s civil and military seeking legitimacy and power from the people to control the state.

That contest is often cast as one rooted in results: when the civilians fail to deliver, intervention by the generals is accepted; when the generals end up covered in much of the same mud, a return to civilian options is embraced.

But the army gets away with it for a different reason (in addition to the fact that they have guns and are organised and are manipulative): an old, accepted and internalised tradition of a two-tiered governance system. Old enough to have its own entry in Encyclopaedia Britannica and its own name: dyarchy.

Essentially, running the state is divided into two halves: the authoritarian and the popularly responsible. It starts with weak institutions. Because they are weak, the pols are handed the softer stuff — education, health, jobs, small infrastructure — while the big boys keep a watchful gaze over the big-ticket items — security, revenue for state continuity, foreign policy.

Matters stumble along for a while. Then, when the pols inevitably stutter because institutions are weak and their own capacities limited, the big boys intervene, stepping in with their benign authoritarianism and smoothing things over.

But here’s the thing with dyarchy: it is not supposed to fundamentally fix things or transform realities. It is about stop-gap and backstop. It is about a system in which mediocre is considered safer than aiming for more. It is about saving from rather than aspiring to.

And it’s bloody hard to dislodge from the minds of everyone: the army, which believes in its benign-authoritarian mission as defender of the last resort; the pols, who deep down aren’t really convinced of their ability to fix stuff; and the people, who want better but will settle for OK.

Now plug a Musharraf trial into that system.

He deserves to be tried, he should be tried and it would be great to see him tried — for ’99. Even then, if ’07 is all the system can muster up the courage to try him for, it’s a compromise worth taking. Remember, the alternative is no trial, which the other three in the Club of Four got.

But from trial to no coup or more coup would be a stretch. For the system is dyarchy and the system is accepted. Benign authoritarianism by the army and about-par competence by the pols.

Turning that around, changing the system, would require first understanding what it is rooted in. Results matter, yes, but so do perceptions. Of the people.

Hand on their heart, most folk today would accept that the civilians are legitimate rulers and dictatorships a bad idea. But would they flat out reject the possibility of accepting another coup ever, no matter what the mitigating circumstances or justifications?

That’s modern-day dyarchy. And getting Musharraf will be a helluva lot easier than ever switching that around.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Indispensable they were not

They ended as yin and yang — one the uber activist, the other unwilling to step up much — but they began as the power twins: Kayani getting Chaudhry reinstated over the objections of Zardari, setting the stage for what many hoped and some thought would be a two-chief reinvigoration of the old guard that would keep the civilians in check.

Soon enough though it became obvious that while there was a confluence of interests — keeping the PPP government under pressure — the independent agendas of the Kayani-led Army and the Chaudhry-led Supreme Court prevented concerted action.

They year 2009 was not a new beginning for the older order, but the start of something new: the re-chalking out of institutional boundaries. And Kayani and Chaudhry were on opposite sides of the emerging new configuration.

Kayani was the general who, after grabbing a second term for himself, allowed the other institutions more space while still protecting the Army’s triple core interests: national security, foreign policy and the army’s commercial empire.

Chaudhry was the chief justice who, after his second reinstatement, fiercely pushed back against all other institutions and carved out a space for the judiciary larger than perhaps what the original constitutional balance of powers envisaged.

By 2013 though they were both spent forces: the country poised — eager even — for the inevitable transition at the top. The show had to go on and, at long last, the show had become bigger than any individual within it.

Legacy-wise, the initial assessments are divided: there are the cheerleaders and there are the sceptics. Kayani’s cheerleaders hail an Army chief for staying out of the coup business; Chaudhry’s cheerleaders hail the chief justice for his brash style of intervention that made the mighty and the powerful answerable to the superior judiciary.

But away from the cheerleaders — chock-full as they are of anti-democratic, or at least anti-politician, elements — the legacy assessments are necessarily bleaker.

If no coup makes Kayani a great, then Aslam Beg should be right behind him – or even alongside him. But Beg has slipped towards historical irrelevance over the years.

Ultimately, an Army chief is judged by his ability to steer the Army, command its respect and to craft policy to meet the challenges of the day. By the end of Kayani’s second term, there was not much left to say on any of those fronts. Cautious to the point of seeming weak, sniped about behind his back, unable to provide strategic clarity on the fight against militancy — the general shuffled off stage to applause from only the partisan.

If Kayani did too little, Chaudhry surely tried too much – and the very first public words of his successor confirmed that suo motu had become a phrase too controversial for its own good, or the judiciary’s.

Chaudhry’s activism worked when nothing else did — originally, a dictator was on the scene and, later, a tenuous transition to democracy was underway — but as the political class settled in, Chaudhry’s activism increasingly seemed jarring. And, in 2013, with the unpopular PPP’s political star diminishing, the rising graph of the PML-N and the PTI made the judicialisation of politics and frequent interventions on the executive side all the more unpalatable.

Activism or no activism, whatever the approach, 2013 proved that there are no indispensables.

Chained by the system

None of them wanted to go home. Not the coalition in parliament; not the president; not the army chief; and not the chief justice. But ousted they all were — in an orderly, constitutional, by-the-book manner. And the delicious, scrumptious truth at the heart of it all? None of them thought the end was necessarily nigh or even inevitable.

Somehow, despite itself, because of itself, over and above itself, Pakistan managed to fashion a smooth year of unprecedented transition. New government, new president, new army chief, new chief justice … new country? Not yet. But one that has surprised itself – and, indeed, anyone who has observed it through chunks of its long, tumultuous, chaotic history.

What changed? Pakistan did. What does that mean? It will take years to figure out. But change is here and 2013 was the year when it all came together.

The elections came first. Asif Zardari and company thought they had outlasted the establishment and victory was theirs to be had: a lesser PPP presence in parliament, a smaller coalition, but still power within their grasp.

It all foundered on the rocks of the voter. Imran Khan and the electronic media convinced the electorate to vote in unprecedented numbers. But they delivered a verdict no one expected: a majority for the PML-N. Gone, in a stroke, were all the pre-election projections of a hung parliament and intense, post-election bargaining.

The PML-N had a straight route to power and didn’t put a foot wrong — at least during the government-formation phase. Where had it gone wrong for the Class of 2008? In fighting the battles of yore. Necessary and vital as it was to fight the old order — and the PPP managed it simply by surviving a full term — the voter of 2013 wanted more: more governance, more responsibility, more seriousness. The PPP and its allies offered none of that, so they were chucked out.

Democratic accountability, accountability through the ballot box, was established. One point for the system.

Next, the inevitable denouement of Asif Ali Zardari. He handled it well. He said all the right things, smiled at the right times, turned up when he was needed, and then bade his farewells.

In truth, power had already slipped from his hands. Not in May 2013, but when he had handed over all powers to the prime minister through the 18th Amendment. Power only accrued to the presidency since the 18th Amendment because Zardari was the boss of the PPP, the party in power.

Still, the presidential transition survived the rejection of Sartaj Aziz in favour of Mamnoon Hussain and the Supreme Court’s intervention over the presidential election schedule. The system wanted to move forward and everyone agreed it should. Two points for the system.

The tricky part came with the exit of Kayani. The exit was unwanted by the general — to the point that his potential successors quietly nudged him to declare his retirement publicly. But some within the civilian hierarchy, notably Nisar Ali Khan and Shahbaz Sharif, pressed for some kind of accommodation.

In the end, the two-term army chief chose to retire rather than leap in the cauldron of hostile opinion within the army hierarchy, the media and, possibly, public opinion.

Kayani was out, a semi-graceful exit that could variously be attributed to, ultimately, Nawaz Sharif’s reluctance or a clutch of other factors.

But gone he was too — and the system lived on. Three points for the system.

Next, the man who loomed larger than life over Pakistan since March 2009. Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry, the populist-in-chief who cannily used the superior judiciary’s suo motu powers to win public acclaim and to swat aside personal scandal, even when it reached as close as his son.

The rumours had lingered: the chief justice would somehow find a way around the constitutional age-limit for judges by resurrecting memories of his illegal, Musharraf-era ouster from office. An extra year or two in office were within grasp.

Except, they weren’t. The system had no appetite for it. When of age, as stipulated by the Constitution, it was time to go home. The bar, tired of Chaudhry’s self-aggrandisement and self-styled saviour justice, had rebelled and the bench was unable to countenance ebelling against the system for an individual’s sake.

So Chaudhry went home. Four points for the system.

No one wanted or planned to go home, and yet all four did. How did it happen? Because the system left them no choice.

Zardari thought he could win an election by fending off the establishment, but politics had moved on. Once in the court of relatively free and fair public opinion, Zardari and his PPP had no way of clinging to power. The people wanted more than just survival; they wanted governance and results.

Kayani thought he may have a chance to stick around for a while longer, but the army hierarchy rebelled against the idea of a three-term chief, easing the way for a third-term prime minister to pick a new COAS.

Chaudhry aspired to a further spell of dispensing Chaudhrian justice, but the legal fraternity and political class had grown tired of his brand of intense activism and chose to play it by the book.

Forces beyond the control of Zardari, Kayani and Chaudhry had hemmed them in. The beauty of it all? Each of them had contributed to the strengthening of those systemic forces by insisting on continuity, by pushing other institutions to play by the rules, by nudging the other players to stay within their designated spheres.

And each of them did it for reasons personal: Zardari to survive; Kayani to survive; and Chaudhry to fulfil his self-attributed status as saviour of the system. In the end, they were chained down by the very nascent system they had helped create.

Power flows from the institution and the institution is always bigger than the individual. In essence, 2013 was the year Pakistan came of age. Or at least threatened to. The year 2014 should be the year of consolidation.

The future — again

NEW Year predictions usually aren’t worth the paper they’re written on. For who, with TUQ running around the country this time last year, would have bet on a straightforward transition ending with a whole lot of ennui setting in?

But, because it’s that time of the year and silly optimism or dark pessimism are around in spades, let’s gaze into the crystal ball. This year, since little is happening and even less expected, it’s relatively easier.

There are really just three options, of the obvious variety anyway: 2014 could be the year of Nawaz; it could be the year of Imran; or it could be the year of the Terrorist.

Nawaz is the one with all the options. India, Afghanistan, domestic militancy threat, economy, Iran — he could smash through any number of barriers.

It’s all lined up for him — has been lined up for him for months now — and there for the taking.

All Nawaz has to do is reach out and grab. OK, maybe not as simple as that, for the opportunities are lined with explosive downsides, but still, it’s worth a shot.

But there’s no life there. It’s almost come to the stage where you have to search for a pulse. Shake it, turn it upside down and shake it again, flip it over and pummel it a bit — nothing. It’s lifeless this Nawaz government.

And latest exhibit: weren’t we supposed to see renewed vigour and purpose after the exit of the two chiefs?

How they whispered about the great plans that would be unveiled, the great moves that would be made — or just the great plans that they would work on fervently till Jan.

And now we know what those plans are: a couple of regional road projects and a great big park along the original motorway.

That’s what, if the rumours are to be believed, is keeping the mighty Mughal PM occupied. Maps and designs and minutiae of a couple of regional road projects up north and a great big park near a famous spot along the original motorway.

There’s also the bit about super-ministries to operate from the PM house: special prime ministerial teams on top of the prime ministerial cabinet to get things to work.

Y’know, cause the best way to get things to work is to add another layer of control and then personally monitor it. It will all work out gloriously. Like it did for the Mughals.

So how the heck could 2014 be Nawaz’s year if that’s all he’s got in the bag going into it?

Because what held true in May 2013 also holds true in Dec 2014: he’s got the political space, he’s got the political capital, he’s got the experience, he’s got the big picture figured out, and he’s got the public support. He’s just got to do it — take charge.

But then there’s Imran. Brandishing his right-wing colours, clueless about governance, unable to get out of campaign mode — it all looks pretty desperate for Imran. Unless you’re Imran looking at Imran and all that he surveys.

Imran has figured out that politics isn’t necessarily about delivering results; it’s about winning votes. And you can sure as hell win votes without delivering results.

The recipe starts with poor results — of the old guys in power. Since there’s never a shortage of that, throw in some emotive issues and double down on both: hammer away at the weakness of the status quo and drum up the insults heaped on the emotional side of national affairs.

The headlines follow and Punjab stays in play — meaning 2014 could be Imran’s year, shaping the national narrative by keeping the Sharifs pinned down and dragging all of us closer to his utopian dystopia.

But then there’s option three: the Terrorist. Talks here, talks next door, talks everywhere — it’s good for business. Real good.

For down the narrative continuum he’s being pushed — from Terrorist to Militant to Insurgent to Misunderstood Fella — while up the capability and planning continuum he’s dragging himself: if not NWA, he’s got Punjab; if not Punjab he’s got next door to the west; and if not next door to the west, he’s got little pockets across the rest of Fata and KP — so many places, so many options to find sanctuary in and to plot and scheme.

That sets up a potentially great year for the Terrorist. And to align the stars in his favour yet more, the army will have to balance its opposition to the talks-first approach of the pols with the impact that opposition will have to perceptions of civ-mil relations just as the transition to democracy starts to look irreversible.

So looking good for the Terrorist all round in 2014.

But let’s rewind a year. The same was true for all three a year ago: it could have been the year of Nawaz or the year of Imran or the year of the Terrorist.

Elections made all three a possibility. And all three tried their damnedest to win.

The result? They split the honours. Which is why each is here, at the end of this year, still vying for honours – for next year.

It’s become a Pakistani solution to Pakistani problems: no one really wins, no one really loses, nothing really gets figured out, everything is kicked down the road — for resolution later, or maybe just never.

Nawaz, Imran and the Terrorist shared the honours this year. So why not share them next year too? And the year after?

Everyone wins; Pakistan loses. See you next year.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Shaukat Aziz silent abroad

He’s been dragged back from political obscurity this week, or at least his name has, by the very man who put him on the political map to begin with, Pervez Musharraf. Defending his Nov 2007 imposition of Emergency, the former president-cum-army chief has claimed that it was on the advice of then prime minister Shaukat Aziz that emergency was imposed.

Shaukat Aziz — remember him? The expensively suited, self-styled schmoozer who once tried but failed to impress Condoleezza Rice?

Having returned to life in the private sector — he is based in London though travels frequently to homes in Dubai and New York in between globetrotting as a financial adviser to the mega-rich and occasional public speaker — the only mentions of Aziz in the media in recent times are linked either to the pursuit of Musharraf in Pakistani courts or flattering press releases announcing yet another obscure award or company directorship for Aziz.

“He’s a busy man. He’s on many boards, like the Blackstone Group, and he travels a lot, advising, sitting on boards, giving talks and lectures,” said Humayun Gauhar, who describes himself as a friend of both Aziz and Musharraf. “He’s just keeping a low profile as far as the local media is concerned because of his other interests. But he keeps a very, very close eye on Pakistan still.”

Another close friend of Aziz who spoke on the condition of anonymity said, “He advises the Arab sheikhs and is also close to some leaders of Malaysia. He’s also an invisible adviser to many Pakistani IFIs and head hunts and provides other services to them without any charge.”

According to a former Musharraf adviser who also spoke on the condition of anonymity, Aziz and Musharraf have long since drifted apart, though Aziz did meet the former president twice before his return to Pakistan this year and advised him against returning.

“Aziz was a banker, he saw his chance and took it,” the former Musharraf adviser said of the beginnings of the Musharraf-Aziz relationship. “Now he’s trying to get close to Nawaz Sharif again.”

Where Aziz saw an opportunity like no other during the Musharraf era, the army chief-cum-president saw simply a lieutenant there to do his bidding. In his autobiography, In the Line of Fire, Musharraf baldly describes Aziz inheriting the prime ministership from Zafarullah Jamali in 2004 thus: “I did not discuss any of this with Shaukat Aziz. He was simply presented with a fait accompli.”

And in the chapter ‘Kick-starting the economy’, Musharraf does not even name his finance minister — Aziz held the post from 1999 to 2004 — who projected himself as the architect of what eventually became the economic bubble that burst in 2007-2008.

Humayun Gauhar explained the origins of the relationship between the two men: “On the day Musharraf took over, he didn’t know Aziz. Shaukat was found in New York by the army team tasked with finding people. I don’t think they ever became close friends. It was a relationship of boss and subordinate.”

The Aziz confidant speaking on condition of anonymity said of the Musharraf-Aziz relationship today, “The chill between No 1 and his No 2 has grown over the last few months, the last four or five in particular. Musharraf feels betrayed by the people who he felt should have stood by him. But they are both gentlemen and don’t talk about it publicly.”

Gauhar though explained the tensions differently, “Look, I have to be fair to both of them. Musharraf may think it wasn’t him alone doing all that stuff and Shaukat saying that would give (Musharraf) some mileage now. But you can’t blame the other guy so much either. A banker has his own compulsions and make-up. He may be thinking, ‘Here I’m being dragged into a treason case.’”

Gauhar insisted that while Musharraf may have expected more support recently from his former political allies and the technocrats he catapulted to prominence, the former president is also realistic. “It is what it is. He knows how politics works and that technocrats have no ship, so that can’t really be said to jump from it when things turn bad,” Gauhar said.

As for Aziz, he has no plans to return to Pakistan or get involved in frontline politics again. “He loves it, keeping tabs, knowing who is putting his money where, staying up to date with all the gossip. But he’s not coming back,” Aziz’s close friend said.

Never mind if Aziz former boss is in a world of trouble and could use all the support he can get.

Serious politics eludes Bilawal

HE is, in his own telling, the hardest working young man in all of Pakistan. Just yesterday, Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the 25-year-old patron-in-chief of the PPP, tweeted, “Long since forgotten the meaning of ‘weekend’ #justanotherdayintheoffice #sunday #sibdhfest #PPP #Dec27”.

Accompanying the tweet was a picture of what appears to be Bilawal’s desk at home in Karachi. On the desk is an open laptop with a PPP-logo folder next to it, an empty ashtray and a coconut shell with a straw sticking out of it.

“He’s in touch with people from nine in the morning and as late as two at night often,” said Murtaza Solangi, who holds no party office but frequently communicates with Bilawal.

Hard at work the heir-apparent of the PPP may be, but what exactly is he doing? The PPP is running the Sindh government, leading the opposition in the National Assembly and leading the house in the Senate – but Bilawal has yet to dip his toes in serious politics.

Nor is he a parliamentary career imminent. Speaking to Dawn, Farhatullah Babar, a close aide of ex-president Asif Zardari and a mentor of Bilawal, confirmed that the designated PPP heir will not be in parliament until at least 2018.

“The decision taken is that he will not contest elections until the term of the present parliament expires. Even if a seat becomes available through a by-election, Bilawal will not contest it,” Babar said.

So what is Bilawal up to, besides tweeting at the rate of knots to his hundred-thousand-plus followers and preparing for a hastily put together Sindh festival next Feb?

Shahreyar Taseer, a close friend, said, “He wants to do things himself. This whole Sindh festival is his baby, his idea. He wants to learn how things are done. It will be a slow build-up to 2018.”

Sherry Rehman, one of Bilawal’s principal advisers, put it this way, “He told all of us, ‘I don’t want to start at the top, to just wear a hat that has been given to me.’ So for now, he’s finding space for old-slash-new progressive politics and reaching out to the youth. There’s no grand plan as such.”

Privately however individuals close to Bilawal hint at very different reasons for his high-on-visibility, low-on-substance style of politics.

An adviser said, “Right now, it’s just passion, no responsibility or authority. His father and his aunt (Faryal Talpur) are calling the shots. When anyone takes any matter of substance to him, he says that it’s his dad who makes those calls.”

Another adviser said, “Think of it as a slow, long transition between the old guard, who are still very much in-charge, and the next generation. Bilawal has plans to introduce a shadow government of sorts, to put young aides alongside the ministers (in Sindh), but it’s still a long way to go before he has real control. He has to be careful.”

Others however suggest the differences between father and son are less political and more about safety. “Security is something they have a different view about,” a Bilawal confidante said of the father-son relationship. “What Bilawal says can impact not just his own security, but of others in the party too, especially given some of his views.”

One arena in which Bilawal is free to express himself however is social media, where the PPP patron-in-chief’s youthful bravado and brashness are often on display in attacking leaders of rival parties and praising liberal politicians. Some among the party elders are squeamish about Bilawal’s edgy Twitter language, while other party leaders are pleased to have an energetic party leader who wants to engage the public.

Everyone agrees that doubts about Bilawal’s willingness and appetite for the world of politics have been largely dispelled. “Yes, there were issues before. Of security, with family members, but ultimately he’s got no choice. His launch into politics is inevitable,” an adviser said.

A higher public profile though does not mean that an uninterrupted journey to full-time politics. With the next scheduled general election more than four years away, a stint at graduate school is on the cards for Bilawal. He is believed to be leaning towards Harvard University starting next Fall.

And while Bilawal is expected to spend more time in Pakistan, advisers warned not to expect a full-time presence here. “He likes to go to Dubai because he can be free, without a hundred guards following him everywhere. And his father hates him being here (in Pakistan),” an adviser said.

The murk of NWA

NOBODY knows yet. But we may all be about to find out. What, if anything, does a new chief mean for the fight against militancy? The initial clues are tantalising. And, if you scratch a little deeper, also familiar and depressing.

Here’s one sequence, or at least one way of looking at the sequence: CCNS meets; CCNS talks about talks; CCNS talks about other stuff too that may or may not be linked to a military operation; CCNS goes home.

And then stuff happens in NWA — stuff that has happened before and will happen again; but this time the army bares its teeth and snarls back — leaving a bunch of people dead and triggering arguments over whether they were civilian or militant.

So what happened in the CCNS? The problem is, while we can know what was debated and decided — several people were present — we can’t know what was absorbed by the two men who matter: Sharif the boss and Sharif the other boss.

The new Sharif is rumoured — oh how the rumours swirl around the boys — to be clear-headed about the militant threat. This, the rumour mill quickly adds, is supposed to be A Good Thing.

But the last chief was also supposed to have been clear-headed about the militant threat by the end of his reign. That didn’t add up to much of A Good Thing.

Let’s take the rumour mill at its word though. New chief, new resolve to fight militants — slight problem of that clashing with the pols’ talks-first approach.

Which is why the CCNS modified its language ever so slightly. Yes to talks, but let’s also figure out the other stuff that needs to be done — just in case talks fail.

Securing Fata, monitoring the more monitorable of the people traffic across the Pak-Afghan border, de-escalating tensions along the LoC — was focus switching to NWA and the pieces for a military build-up and eventual operation being put in place?

Not so fast — we’ve been here many times before. And the pols are still hammering away at their talks-first option.

But then Mirali happens. That’s the other NWA, the one around which, loosely, the Pak-centric militants have hunkered down.

It was nothing the army hasn’t seen before: a suicide attack followed by an ambush of the rescuers. Usually, it ends up as a brief headline on TV or as an inside-page story in the papers. That’s because usually the army doesn’t respond like it did this week.

So, to the next big question: was the angry response calibrated and, if so, at what level?

This much we know: a whole bunch of people died in the army’s retaliation. The army claims they were all militants. The militants claim they were all civilians. The locals suggest civilians were killed.

It’s been going on for so many years now that you can guess what happened. The initial attack provoked a belligerent response; the excessive force used was either deliberate — a way of sending a message — or because they didn’t care or because they still don’t know how to protect non-combatants.

But who ordered it? There are several possibilities, up and down the chain of command.

If it came from the top, from the new Sharif, then, Isloo, we have a problem. Cause that would mean that the new chief’s clear-headedness on the militant threat has already drifted into hot-headedness when it comes to accepting who’s really the boss — old Sharif or new Sharif.

For old Sharif was clear in the CCNS: talk first; fight later, if necessary. Within hours though there was fighting in the field — and not just any field, but in the heart of darkness itself.

Coincidence? Sure, and Santa’s set up shop in North Waziristan.

But, and the army will never admit this, there’s another possibility: the troops out in the field were sending a message to GHQ.

Tired of being picked off, clear on who the enemy is, desperate to take the fight to the enemy, but frustrated by the two-term chief’s unwillingness to go it alone, without the assent of the pols, the leadership out in the field has decided now is the time to see if something can be done.

A clear-headed new chief in GHQ, a government that insists peace with monsters is possible, an enemy who rejects talks altogether — so why not tip the argument in favour of the rational for once? And there’s nothing like a suicide attack-cum-ambush to justify a furious response.

But here’s the truly troubling bit. Say there was no conspiracy, say the chief had nothing to do with it, say no one was sending a message to anyone, assume it was just one of those things that happens in a conflict zone — even then, was this all that they’ve got, was this all that they’ve learned in all these long years of conflict?

Collective punishment, mass destruction, a stampeding elephant, a raging bull — it’s like we’re back in 2004.

Ten years on, here’s what should have happened:

OK, so you’ve hit us again; now, we’re going to show you how we can hurt you. Because they have the intelligence, they turn up outside the home of a big suicide-trainer or mission-planner — and they flatten it with him inside. Or they ambush a militant kingpin or two shuttling around NWA in the hours after the attack.

That would demonstrate an intelligent lethality, the kind the enemy will fear. But just blowing up stuff to get some foot soldiers who are cannon fodder anyway?

Scarier than the possibility that we don’t want to fight in NWA is the possibility that we still don’t know how to fight in NWA.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Dar and the dollar

A declining rupee is not news anymore, but a fast-declining rupee is. Bad news. Very bad news if you happen to be Ishaq Dar, the finance czar of a PML-N government that projects itself as business-friendly and a responsible steward of the country’s economic well-being.

So on Saturday, addressing the All Pakistan Textile Mills Association in Lahore, Mr Dar took aim at what he described as “pseudo intellectuals” predicting the rupee’s further decline against the US dollar and vowed that the rupee would stabilise, or even appreciate. To the gathered industrialists, Mr Dar said, “I advise you to cash your dollars as I guarantee that it will not go up.”

Mr Dar’s words caused a predictable stir in the financial community. Had the finance minister just threatened the market or was he imploring a friendly audience for help? Or was Mr Dar simply lashing out, aware of his ministry’s impotence and the inevitable further decline of the rupee in the weeks and months ahead?In conversations with Dawn, bankers, analysts, businessmen, traders and government officials offered their interpretations of what Mr Dar had said and why, but gave only anodyne, banal comments on the record. Speaking on background, each offered some insight into the nebulous, grey areas of the economy where a powerful finance minister can sometimes seek short-term favours or twist arms to get temporary relief.In essence, the finance ministry’s rupee problem is this: the ministry wants a rupee-to-dollar conversion rate in the range of Rs100-102; the market believes it should be closer to Rs108; while the rate in the open market has hovered around Rs106-108 in recent days – a calendar-year increase of roughly 10 per cent, higher than the 5-7 per cent average increase of recent years.

What has ailed the rupee all year – in addition to the usual balance of payment, trade balance and, often, current account deficits – is added pressure on dollar outflows, primarily because of repayments to the IMF under the 2008 deal that was never completed.

Both the government and the market had expected that by the first quarter of 2014 dollar inflows would relieve some of the pressure on the State Bank’s foreign exchange reserves – lifting pressure on the exchange rate. But that expectation has not yet materialised as confirmed inflows and the market remains unimpressed with old claims of Etisalat-PTCL or 3G licensing money flowing in.

So with market sentiment still pessimistic and the finance ministry under great pressure – the prime minister is known to be unhappy with multiple ministers’ handling of their portfolios – Mr Dar came out swinging on Saturday.

The purpose, to the extent one could be discerned, was to deter speculators from piling extra pressure on the rupee while possibly winning some temporary relief from groups such as exporters.

Government officials point fingers at everyone for the higher-than-normal depreciation of the rupee this year: banks stretching the rules that govern foreign-currency transactions; money-exchange companies manipulating the market at the margins for big players; exporters delaying repatriation of payments for orders; and individuals converting their rupees into dollars and carting them out of the country.

In addition, with lingering concerns about dollarisation of the economy and even small savings being converted into dollars, the finance minister appears to have tried to send a very Pakistani message to a Pakistani audience: the government won’t stand by and do nothing.

The problem is, Mr Dar has few options – and the market knows it. The rupee’s valuation may be affected at the margins by special interests and speculators, but all sides privately agree that the rupee’s valuation against the US dollar is more or less where it ought to be given the macroeconomic picture.

If inflows the government claims to be feverishly working on do not materialise in the first quarter of 2014, market sentiment could sour further and send the rupee into a steeper dive. Even otherwise, a gentle decline of the rupee is near inevitable over the next few months – something even government officials privately acknowledge.

So why the rhetoric by Mr Dar, then? Perhaps to win some short-term favours or scare the market into compliance for a few weeks.

Or, as a banker pointed out, Mr Dar can’t do nothing. So he’s resorted to bluster while desperately trying to line up fresh inflows of dollars to keep the rupee relatively stable.

The writer is an assistant editor at Dawn

Security and accountability

EVERYONE knows. Everyone knows what needs to be done; they’ve just got to summon the will to do it.

It’s an enduring Pakistani myth. That somehow the solutions are all known, just awaiting the right amount of political will and determination to see them implemented.

Education? Pfft. Just kill off all those ghost schools, pour more money into the system and voila! Educated Pakistan.

Except, not really.

Health? Gee, what’s the big deal? More doctors, more hospitals, more medicines. Open package, follow instructions and there you go. Healthy Pakistan.

Yeah, if only.

Economy? Ohho. Just raise taxes, increase savings, lower the cost of borrowing, create jobs and export, export, export. Asian Tiger, move aside; Pakistan’s in the house.

Uhuh. Obvious enough, to anyone who cares to look, is the complexity of Pakistan. Layers, currents, cross-currents, centripetal impulses, centrifugal forces, people — lots and lots of people, special interests, parasitic behaviour, ideological variations, the works.

Think Humpty Dumpty and him sliding down the wall and then all the king’s horses and all the king’s men struggling to haul him back up. Pakistan is Humpty Dumpty. Except more difficult to put back together and nudge back to its intended perch.

What will win the day are ideas. Smart ones. Innovative ones. At the micro level and in the big picture. The kind of ideas that won the day for other countries that have dragged themselves up from the bottom of the pile and planted themselves in the middle band and above.

Where the ideas will come from — on education, on health, on the economy, on a whole bunch of other vital stuff — God only knows. We’re not really an ideas factory, at least of the good variety anyway.

But there’s other stuff we can do in the meantime, stuff that can allow the system to take advantage of the ideas when — if — they finally materialise.

Broadly speaking: security and accountability. Specifically, job security and accountability within that job.

No security, no accountability — no system, or a broken system at best. And no system or broken system equals inability to capitalise on ideas that can fix things.

The concept is simple enough, getting it to work is fiendishly difficult.

Let’s start with job security. We’ve known the problem it’s created at the political level for decades.

Politicians got elected but couldn’t be sure how long they’d be allowed to stick around before governments were sent home or the system wrapped up, so they did what everyone with a short time horizon does: stupid, reckless, selfish things that were all about them.

Now, we’re finally getting to a place where politicians can be reasonably sure the system will continue. Continuity means reasonable job security. So that’s Problem A on the way to being solved — at the political level.

We’ll get to Problem B in a bit.

But job security works at other levels too. Like the levers through which the state does, or tries to do, what it’s supposed to do: bureaucrats, administrators, the police.

Ever hear a politician talking about a bureaucrat or a bureaucrat talking about a politician? Five minutes of that and you’ll figure out why nothing works here.

Policemen too, but, perhaps because of what they do and what they’ve seen, the two-way vitriol tends to be less intense.

If your job is always on the line, if you can be transferred at the drop of a hat or the whim of a minister or an assemblyman, if you’re shunted and shuffled and tossed around quarter after quarter, year after year, that leaves you with just one purpose in life: saving your job, not doing your job.

And even the best ideas in the world to fix stuff will fail in a system in which everyone is just trying to save their jobs. So security is vital.

But security without accountability swings the problem in the opposite direction.

Have a look at the superior judiciary in recent years. It hermetically sealed itself, decided for itself who could or couldn’t be a judge, and itself adjudicated over its own conduct.

So while accountability existed in theory, it didn’t in practice.

Same thing with bureaucrats and policemen. It’s necessary to free them from political interference, give them security of tenure and make appointments rules-based.

But the politicians have also got a point: super bureaucrats have their own agendas and they’re hard to control. Like the Yes Minister comedy of yore, except not quite as polished or funny and with more insidious results.

Essentially, free bureaucrats and policemen from the whims of their political masters, but bind them to rules and performance. That’s security and accountability.

Aha. Gotcha, you’re thinking. Isn’t that exactly what was mocked to begin with: the Pakistani myth that just getting the basics right will fix everything?

And isn’t it, then, just a question of political will, of politicians allowing the system they preside over to work as it was intended to, instead of to work as they want it to?

Kinda, but also not really.

Having an education bureaucracy with both job security and job accountability doesn’t automatically add up to a better education system that nudges the literacy rate upwards.

Or having a finance ministry or investment ministry with the right staff with the right incentives doesn’t mean there are readymade, off-the-shelf plans waiting to be implemented to make the tiger roar.

That’s where the ideas come in. The ones we don’t really have yet.

The good news: at least we can work on the system in the meantime. Umm, if the politicians will it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Failure and success

WE know what he did: dragged his institution out from underneath the heel of the boot and the civilian. We know what he didn’t do: fix much of anything.

So now we’re left with the legacy question: what did it all add up to?

For a bottom-line kinda guy, CJ Iftikhar will know the uncomfortable truth: he was a lame duck for much of his final stretch in office.

Say what? Hasn’t he been busy as a bee, suspending people, dispensing Chaudhrian justice, harassing the government and the mighty night and day?

Well, sure, but who cares?

Unless you were the sucker caught in the line of fire, the Court of Chaudhry came down to this: it was a force for disruption, but not the force for radical change that it wanted to be.

The moment of truth came with the sacking of YRG. Remember him? Pakistan’s longest-serving prime minister? Yeah, we’ve all moved on.

Sacking Gilani was the absolute most a judiciary could do. That and sanctifying a coup, which wasn’t on the cards anyway and would have been slightly awkward for you-know-who.

So here at long last, with the sacking of Gilani, was the judiciary of the judiciary’s dreams: dominant, powerful, able to bend the mighty to its will, ruling the rulers, as it were.

And it led to nothing.

Yeah, there was a media frenzy. Yeah, your average person had an opinion about it. But the system kinda shrugged and moved on.

The nuclear button had been pressed. Nothing exploded.

Sure, the real power politically was with Zardari. Sure, the sacking was timed to divert attention from familial scandal. But sacking a prime minister was still a really, really big deal. Or was supposed to be.

Instead, the politicians shrugged and elected a new prime minister and then both sides of the aisle congratulated him and accepted his legitimacy.

And just like that, it was over. The secret was out, the ones who mattered knew: Chaudhry had done his worst and no one really cared.

From there, it was an inevitable countdown, to this week, to Dec 12.

Even the theory of an extension didn’t gain much traction. For while nobody doubted that an extension was desired, just like it surely was by Kayani, there was an obvious problem: wanting something isn’t the same thing as being able to get that something.

Bye-bye, Kayani. Bye-bye, CJ. Hello, system.

So now what? Now nothing. Or not much anyway.

Step One has been figured out. Pakistan’s problem for the longest time was that everyone wanted to do someone else’s job. The army wanted to run the country. The politicians wanted to be bureaucrats and policemen. The judiciary wanted to lecture others about their jobs instead of focusing on their own.

Now we kinda have a fledgling consensus: Smithian specialisation/Montesquieuian separation of powers is the way to go.

Politicians decide, army defends and judges adjudicate. We may not have the details quite worked out yet, but more folk will agree more vehemently than ever that it’s the only way to go.

And here’s what makes it seemingly durable: the creeping consensus has emerged from a history of failure.

Let’s go back to Chaudhry to explain.

Broadly speaking, there are four categories of interventions he specialised in: political, governance, economic and military. A sweeping approach befitting a man with a sweeping agenda. But public opinion received each intervention differently.

The political interventions have been panned: don’t sack prime ministers or presidents, let the people decide, the people have spoken. From a systemic perspective, that’s an excellent thing.

The governance interventions have gone down reasonably well: go after the corrupt, punish violators of the public trust, make the rulers follow the rules, the people have agreed. From a systemic perspective, that’s a reasonably OK thing.

The economic interventions have been received rapturously: stop inflation, save jobs, give more to the poor, the people have screamed. From a systemic perspective, that’s a bad thing — but then, do rulers or the ruled have a grasp of the basics of how and when the state and the economy should intersect to the benefit of both? That’ll take a while yet.

The military interventions have been acclaimed: no more coups, find our missing people, the public has agreed. From a systemic perspective, that’s a critical evolutionary step.

It matters not anymore what motivated CJ Iftikhar to attempt all that he attempted. Now that he’s gone — or with a final few hours left for a last hurrah anyway — what matters is how all that he attempted was received by the country at large.

And in the overall response to each of the four broad categories in which the CJ dabbled, there is a discernible, historical shift; a shift in the national approach to matters of politics and governance and how the state ought to run and by whom and to what end.

Essentially, do your job and let others get on with their jobs, and if it’s your job to give others a kick up the backside for not doing their jobs, then give them that kick but don’t send them toppling over — a workable enough approach to propping up a rickety system, which is the first step to getting a system to deliver.

So yeah, he was a lame duck for much of the final stretch. Yeah, he seemed to want to paint on a bigger canvas than what was supposed to be his.

But CJ Iftikhar’s failure was the system’s success: he grabbed back the space that rightfully belonged to the judiciary, but was rebuffed when he tried to grab much, much more.

Bye-bye, CJ. Hello, system.

Now, Step Two: figuring out how to get the damn system to deliver.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Annus mirabilis; now what?

THE set is complete. New parliament, new president, new chief and, now announced, new CJ. 2013 was the year of change everyone was waiting for; everything was gummed up before. So now what?

Now we figure out that real change isn’t that easy after all. Even if what preceded it is an utterly necessary, far-too-delayed, by-the-book transition.

Let’s start with that oldest of problems: the civ-mil imbalance. By historical standards, it’s improved.

After all, since forever, the only metric that counted was whether a coup was more likely or less likely. Now we already know the present parliament is more likely to complete its term than any other parliament we’ve had before. So the improvement is obvious.

But that basic approach — coup/no coup — obscured a deeper reality. The army has a trio of core interests: national security, foreign policy and the army’s corporate and commercial interests. To fix civ-mil, the civs will have to wrest that trio away from the mil.

And that may be more difficult than just moving on from the era of coups because the other players — public opinion, the judiciary, the media — won’t be able to help the civilians as much.

Take foreign policy, on India, Afghanistan, the US and maybe throw in Iran too. The grey area between total control and veto is where army influence lies, which allows the army to semi-honestly claim it’s not dictating foreign policy to the civilians while still being able to hit the brakes if things go too far.

The policy on India exemplifies this softer, though still powerful approach. The pols want better ties with India, this much absolutely everyone knows. Times have changed, so the army has let the civilians dabble around a bit on this front.

Instead of the old hard veto — where perhaps a PM would be quietly told to cool it on the India-can-be-our-friend-and-partner talk — there’s now a soft veto: yes, sir, Mr Prime Minister, what you are saying is a good idea, but we’d also like to bring your attention to all the nasty things India is doing to Pakistan.

The end result is the same. The civilians are left unsure — of just how much space they have to manoeuvre on the India front, of exactly what the army is thinking, and of how and when the army veto may be used.

So no coup, no total control — no problem. The army has other ways of perpetuating its influence.

But the influence isn’t just because the army has more sophisticated tools of manipulation and can run rings around the civilians. Influence also comes from others’ perceptions of you.

Take the sprawling commercial interests of the army. They need to be wrested away from the army because those interests are both a corrupting force and an unfair elite-creating machine. But there’s another aspect to it.

The sprawling commercial empire is a very physical, very in-your-face manifestation of the army’s overall power — helping both create and sustain the myth and aura that allows the army to do what it does elsewhere on the national stage.

Have a look at the university network the army has turned into a thriving commercial venture over the years. What’s wrong with it, the army argues. We had the capacity and the expertise and decided to extend a valuable higher education service to an education-starved public. We should be applauded for it, the army seethes.

Except, here’s the problem: the army’s university network functions smoothly not just because of army professionalism and dedication; it functions smoothly because it has VIP access to state funds.

That first-in-the-line, help-yourself-to-whatever-you-need service extended to the army’s university network necessarily comes at the cost of downgrading civilian-run public universities.

The real numbers can be argued over endlessly, but in just that one tiny corner of the army’s vast commercial empire, the perception of army predominance is reinforced in the public’s imagination.

Link all those tiny corners with the bigger bits and the vast commercial empire becomes a powerful tool to perpetuate the aura of power that allows the army to do with it what it does to protect its other core interests.

So strip away the threat of a coup and the battles only become more complicated and more difficult. That’s civ-mil for you.

What about the imminent exit of the other chief?

Between the sharpening of knives and sighs of relief, the consensus is that the hyper judicial activism of the recent past will subside and even if activism doesn’t go back to pre-2007 levels, the new CJ will be a lot more restrained.

It’s a reasonable, informed hope. What it misses though is that there’s a tasty new job opening about to come on the market: arch-populist with an adoring public clamouring for your attention.

Sure, the new CJ may not want to apply for that job and nobody will quite be able to fill CJ Iftikhar’s shoes, but does that equal absolutely no contenders?

Surely, if not in the Supreme Court, there must be some in the high courts waiting to take a bite of that apple? High court suo motu powers are narrower than the Supreme Court’s, but in an adventurous time, what’s to stop a robe with a gavel with his heart set on glory?

So bye-bye CJ Iftikhar and hello to a messy, suo motu-fuelled struggle for the title of populist-in-chief?

2013: annus mirabilis. 2014? We’ll just have to wait and see.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

From could to can’t

IT’S not really paralysis. It’s not quite suspended animation.

It’s not even fear or uncertainty. It’s just — nothing.

Nawaz was supposed to be the leader who could. Instead, he’s become the leader who can’t. What’s going on?

But before that — just how bad are things? Bad. Really bad.

Here’s how a typical meeting with the boss plays out: minister, courtier or supplicant lays out the lie of the land; Nawaz listens, then listens some more; minister, courtier or supplicant senses the boss doesn’t want to say anything, so he sketches out the options himself.

Nawaz keeps listening; minister, courtier or supplicant grows desperate as meeting draws to a close; Nawaz ends meeting with a polite thank you, saying nothing about what he’s decided or even if he’s decided or even just when he’ll decide; minister, courtier or supplicant leaves wondering what’s going on with the boss and what he’s supposed to do about the problem he went to the boss with.

Or a rumour spreads: Nisar’s head is on the chopping block because Nawaz has tired of him. No one is quite sure why, but the ones in the know know Nisar has fallen out of favour.

Except, nothing happens. Neither is Nisar reassured nor do the rumours die nor does Nisar get reined in. And he’s your point man and supposed go-to guy on internal security.

And that’s just a sample of the all kinds of messed up this government has already become. So what’s going on with Nawaz?

Forget the silliness about Nov 28 and Dec 12. The twin retirements of the chiefs matter, but it’s just a fig leaf. To understand why, flip the question around: what exactly could they block if Nawaz takes a policy decision? He’s got five years; they had only months, weeks and days.

Nor does the reality-is-just-sinking-in, things-are-worse-than-he-had-realised explanation work five months in. Yeah, things are bad, but if you’re prime minister a couple of weeks of high-level briefings and the contours of the problems are apparent enough. Get on with it.

It comes down to two explanations, one of which the N-League admits resignedly, the other that it still only dare whisper.

Nawaz is isolated. He hates his party, he has no bureaucrats, his inner circle has shrunk and, for some, there’s no Abbaji around this time. You can’t fix a country if there’s no one you really trust. Especially if you never were the sharpest pencil in the box to begin with.

The theory makes sense — to a degree. Isolation isn’t something you can’t break out of. And not everything about governance is automatically about trust — or the fear of being stabbed in the back or being screwed over.

So isolation isn’t enough of a theory on its own. But then there’s the other theory.

Has Nawaz given up?

Has he figured out that nothing can save Pakistan? That everything’s too broken for anything to be fixed? That all a pol can do is sit tight, hang on and hope for the best — that somewhere down the road, when the tumult and upheaval and brokenness resolve themselves somehow, recovery can be attempted?

The theory is less that Nawaz doesn’t know what to do and more that he’s figured out nothing can be done. Which, really, isn’t that surprising a realisation to anyone who’s been paying attention all these years. A declining state will eventually approach terminal state.

Now pair the theory of hopelessness with the theory of isolation — and you’re left with a whole lot of nothing. Which is precisely what we’re stuck with on the Nawaz front.

Which leaves the rest of us — you and me, the hapless lot stuck in the rear compartment of a train to nowhere — with a very simple question: can anything be done to jolt Nawaz into action?

Yes. But not by us. Just by events.

The problem with events though is that they rarely provide the right incentives for the right decisions — at least events of the Pakistani kind in the Pakistani milieu.

Take the economy.

Inflation, inflation, inflation. Punjab is already rumbling about it; that and electricity and the rupee. The N-League is worried, and for obvious reasons.

But then there’s Nawaz, always talking calmly about the economy and growth and making things better, seemingly living in another economy to the one the rest of Pakistan is struggling with.

Read between the lines and Nawaz’s approach on the economy comes down to this: forget trying to fix what’s already broken, just get more electricity to the people and wait for the trade dividend with India to explode.

Essentially, Nawaz is playing the long game — gambling that he’s got five years, so that gives him at least three to begin to produce results. Which is why he didn’t back Dar to take any tough decisions during the budget and hasn’t paid any attention to the IMF commitments.

But events wait for no man, even Nawaz. And so you already have the rumbling in Punjab — on inflation, on electricity, on the rupee — and the N-League having no idea what to do about any of it.

Which has forced them into doing what everyone else before them has done: give whatever handouts they can to whoever they can until there’s absolutely no room for any more handouts and then everyone is even more unhappy.

Which takes us back to the twin theories of despair and isolation.

Nothing can be done because everything’s too broken to be fixed and there’s no one Nawaz can rely on — with events working to further entrench those twin beliefs of Nawaz.

And therein lies the tale of the PM who went from being the leader who could to the leader who can’t in double-quick time.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Much ado about much

WHEN the curtain is pulled back some, when the cannibalisation begins, when rabid dog turns on rabid dog, those are the fascinating, scary moments.

Someone said something stupid about martyrdom, a bunch of folk responded, there was much hand-wringing and disquiet, but before anyone could figure out what the average Pakistani really makes of it, a bunch of other folk yelled at each other and killed a few, and everyone forgot the last crisis to lament the present crisis in the full knowledge that the next crisis — circus? — is not long off.

In the middle of all of that, a Haqqani was killed in Islamabad and mysteriously, so very mysteriously, no one wanted to talk about it.

Oh, Pakistan. Let’s start with the most immediate of the very recent. It happened in Pindi, but it could have happened anywhere. Everyone knows that and the hate that fuels it.

What’s interesting though is how people react to hate and violence. Or simply the suspicion that a particular version of religion is sponsored and promoted by the state.

If it seems that the processions and rituals at this time of the year have become more elaborate and bigger over the years, it’s because they have.

For beliefs that are ancient and a population that is fairly static along sectarian lines, that doesn’t automatically add up. Factor in the last 30 odd years though and you have the reasons.

Once a fire was lit at the intersection of religion and the state, the other sides had several options: pack up and leave; sit down and do as told; or ramp up their own religiosity.

What’s interesting is that option three was picked by the 20pc. We’re here, we’re loud and this will never be a one-sect state. Over our dead bodies.

Not exactly something the rabids on the other side needed to hear twice.

So now, one side has its suicide bombers and the other its ever more urgent veneration of martyrdom. Which is why everyone else is pretty much terrified this time each year.

One side instigated into bigger, bolder, more elaborate, more insistent commemorations as a sign of defiance driving the rabids on the other side a little loopier and a little crazier — oh, Pakistan.

Until next year, on that front at least — after the flames in Pindi are doused. On to a very different martyrdom debate, from the sublime to the ridiculous, as it were. Yes, the ironies and contradictions and sheer idiocy of the Munawar-Fazlu-ISPR debacle are alternately tickling and horrifying.

But we’re interested in people today: the mythical average Pakistani and what he made of it. For our purposes, it was the pause that was most interesting.

Mythical average Pakistani hears Munawar, laughs at Fazlu and reads ISPR. Then he tries to work out what he makes of it all.

Good ol’ Fazlur Rehman was the smartest of the three. Sensing the danger, he dashed off into the safety of the absurd, puncturing a devilishly dangerous debate with laughter and offering everyone else a quick exit.

But the other two weren’t smart enough to take Fazlu’s cue and waded in deeper, forcing our mythical average Pakistani to actually think about what they were saying. Mythical average Pakistani loves his army because the army has assiduously courted his support over the decades.

The hows and whys are too well known to bear repeating, all we need to know for our purposes is that it’s no accident mythical average Pakistani loves his army and says a prayer for army shaheeds.

But mythical average Pakistani is also kinda into jihad because the army has made him like jihad. Again, the hows and whys are too well known to bear repetition; all we need to know for our purposes is that it’s no accident mythical average Pakistani is into the idea of jihad.

So what happens when jihad meets jihad and mythical average Pakistani, who loves his army and is kinda into jihad, has to decide which side he’s on?

He pauses. It’s not a long pause because the old, manipulated love for his army still prevails. It may even be the most fleeting of pauses because the JI are bit players on the national stage.

But there is a pause because the original purveyors of jihad aren’t the only arbiters of jihad anymore. There are other sellers too and the army’s pre-eminence in the narrative-setting game is gone.

Mythical average Pakistani’s allegiances and political beliefs are up for grabs. And boy is he being wooed by the rabids.

If the army is aware of this, then why pick this fight in this way with Munawar? Why force mythical average Pakistani to think about what Munawar was saying and thereby possibly risk his agreeing with the JI?

The face-value explanation would be: he insulted our dead, our soldiers and that was intolerable.

The less charitable explanation: naivety. It never occurred to the army that public opinion may have shifted, that mythical average Pakistani may pause before taking sides in the war of words.

Essentially, a cat chasing its tail while tripping all over a ball of wool. But not nearly as cute.

Oh, Pakistan. And that Haqqani chap? Nothing. Nobody wants to talk about him. No one at all. Where’s the condemnation by the Americans or the Afghans? Or if they did it, where’s the outrage from Pakistan? Or if Pakistan did it, where’s the anger from the Taliban?

It’s as if the CIA, NDS, ISI and Taliban, Afghan and Pakistani, all got together to bump Naseeruddin off and then agreed not to talk about it.

What does Haqqani’s death even mean? Sometimes the non-news is the real news. And scarier too. Oh, Pakistan.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The fear factor

YES, OK, we get it. The pols really, really want to talk to the Taliban. The Taliban really don’t want to talk to anyone. And this will end pretty much how it looks like it will end.

Watching from the sidelines, it can all seem very confusing. If one side is crazy and self-destructive and threatening to take everyone down with it, why can’t the other side push back?

Why is one side always so quiet, always ceding so much space to even the mainstream enablers and sympathisers of the Taliban?

After all, there’re some pretty good, fairly obvious, hard-to-refute talking points available.

Like: seriously, you think Islam can be in danger in a country where 98pc of the population is Muslim?

Eid is always going to be a national holiday, mosques will exist in every neighbourhood and public life will always have a distinctly Muslim character. Relax.

Like: no one has any interest, at all, ever, in thwarting anyone from being religious in any way they like.

Pick the length of beard that works for you, the size of veil you want for yourself — just stop wanting to determine the length of some girls’ sleeves, and what some folk pour down their throat. It’s a conservative society; everyone gets that and is OK with it.

Like: you know how one moment you’re bashing the West for being secular and the next for being Christian or Jewish? Exactly! It’s both.

The Muslim character of Pakistan is in its DNA. See: 98pc of the population. It’s possible to be both.

But you never get to hear any of that. Want to know why? Fear.

Imagine you’re on a talk show. The usual suspects from the right are yammering on about the usual: warmongering liberals; poor, misunderstood Taliban; the great deviant nation that Pakistan has become thanks to the godless secularists; more — austere — religion the answer to everything.

Now you’re sitting there and thinking, God, I can’t take this anymore, I’m going to say what I think. So you launch into your pretty good, fairly obvious, hard-to-refute talking points.

They listen quietly, for a minute perhaps. Then it happens. There is much shock and horror and anguish on their faces. Some anger too maybe. But what you’re saying is against Islam, they cry.

Game over.

You protest; you say that’s a distortion of what you’re saying; you repeat what you had said, slowly, spelling it out this time — but none of it matters.

Because it’s already game over.

They don’t have to accuse you of a crime. They don’t have to say you’ve committed blasphemy. Hell, they don’t even have to say what you’ve said is wrong; they could just accuse you of not showing enough respect or deference to religion.

But what you’re saying is against Islam, they will cry — or maybe even just allude.

And somewhere in the back of your mind, you’ll start worrying about someone putting a bullet in the back of your head when you leave that studio. Maybe just one of those ubiquitous armed guards watching on a TV outside.

So you decide not to go on the talk show. Instead, you decide to go out to dinner, leaving the usual suspects on TV to yammer on about the usual unchallenged.

But fear isn’t that easy a fella to shake off.

You’re at the restaurant now, chatting to friends and enjoying a good meal.

Because the usual suspects are always yammering on unchallenged on TV, everyone’s always talking about them. Even your friends.

Ah, but you’ve got your pretty good, fairly obvious, hard-to-refute talking points, and it’s a friendly audience anyway. So you decide to launch into them.

Except first you glance at the adjacent tables and size up whoever is within earshot. You never did this before. Your favourite restaurant was an oasis. But now you never know.

Fear. He’s a difficult fella to shake off.

So you decide not to go the restaurant. Instead, you stay at home and watch the usual suspects yammering on about the usual on TV unchallenged. And what you hear makes you more fearful.

But fear only explains why one side doesn’t push back.

There’s a trick the other side — the mainstream enablers and sympathisers of the Taliban — plays that makes them so successful.

They are driven by a deep, profound, unshakeable sense that they are the aggrieved party. That they are the ones who are under pressure from the other side. That they are the ones who have to fight to be heard.

That the structures of state and society conspire to silence and intimidate them. That they are plucky upstarts fighting against a godless, secular, religion-hating behemoth.

That they are the ones fighting against the odds. That the side of the right is always destined to struggle against the more powerful side of the wrong.

It is a most remarkable thing to behold: one side fearful of a bullet to the back of the head; the other adamant that it is the underdog.

So we have this silliness about talks instead.

The pols really, really want to talk to the Taliban. The Taliban really don’t want to talk to anyone. And this will end pretty much how it looks like it will end.

Just don’t expect to hear much about why.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Political doppelgangers

IT’S a tale of two men, one smart, the other stupid, one fierce, the other weak, one now dead, the other alive. The tale is of Pakistan, circa 2013.

Let’s start with the smart, fierce and dead one: Hakeemullah.

As controversial in death as he was in life — drone? Now? Why — have a look at what came before.

How he ran rings around us — Pakistan — this past year. One moment he wanted peace, the next he was blowing up stuff, the moment after he wanted to dismantle the Constitution, and then, just like that, back to the original offer of vague peace. Through it all, he remained in-charge.

Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it’s super-Taliban, Hakeemulllah.

Here’s what Hakeemullah managed. He swung an election, wiping the already deeply unpopular ANP and PPP clean off the board.

He made the TTP hip again. Battered by the avalanche of negative publicity — or what’s also known as the truth — the TTP had lost the sympathy of the average Pakistani. Nobody likes to be blown up, even if they happen to really like religion.

But then Hakeemullah made an eminently reasonable offer: we’ll end our war against you, just repent and get the whole religion thing right, ie give everyone the real deal, not what your hybrid Constitution says. Who could argue with that?

He made his best friend grovel. Taliban Khan was the only one out there arguing that talks and talks alone could end the militancy threat. But that wasn’t enough for Hakeemullah.

After all, best friend or no best friend, trust no one. So Hakeemullah set about twisting Taliban Khan’s arm too.

PTI was hit, KP was hit and mysterious TTP offshoots appeared out of nowhere to claim responsibility for the attacks — leaving Khan more insistent than ever that talks are the only answer.

For Khan, it’s fairly obvious: if talks weren’t going to achieve anything, then why all this effort to scupper them?

For Hakeemullah, it must have been worth a chuckle or two. Cooperative folk these Pakistanis are, he may have thought, hit them hard and they’ll talk peace, hit them harder and they’ll beg for peace.

But more than anything else, Hakeemullah showed the way forward for militancy: the political militant.

Part showman, part mass murderer, part political animal, Hakeemullah moved the goal posts for a militant mastermind. He didn’t just create an aura of fear and intimidation, he teased and cajoled and coaxed too.

Where his fellow militants could think of little else besides blasting their way towards a few, narrow objectives, Hakeemullah’s world was more expansive. Why blow stuff up when you can screw with minds too?

But to complete Hakeemullah, he needed a partner.

Enter his political doppelganger from circa 2013. Enter Taliban Khan.

The problem with Khan isn’t that he’s the only one who subscribes to loopy ideas about peace. The problem with Khan is that he’s the only one you can’t ignore.

Not because he runs KP. Not because he got a handful of seats nationally. Not because he got a chunk of votes. No, you can’t ignore Khan because Khan got under the skin of Nawaz.

And that really matters.

True, it’s a Nawaz government that presided over the call for talks. True, the PML-N is OK coexisting with militancy. True, Punjab’s safety and security ranks ahead of everything else for the PML-N. True, all of that means the PML-N isn’t exactly averse to the idea of talks.

But Nawaz has never really been the cheerleader for talks. He says talks, but you can sense the distaste. There are at least two reasons for that.

One, the TTP are messy and uncouth. Who are these raggedy upstarts who think they’re going to tell me what to do, Sharif must think.

Two, Nawaz was once an aspiring amir-ul-momineen. How can the TTP lecture him about what is and isn’t Islam?

But then there’s Imran, the man who tried to steal Nawaz’s politics and his crown in Punjab. For much of this year, Imran has hammered away at Nawaz and the PML-N, to the point that it has befuddled many in the PML-N.

Why doesn’t he go after Zardari or the ANP, they often complained before the election. After the election, the PML-N seemed more overjoyed that they had crushed Khan in Punjab than that they had just swept to an unexpected majority in parliament.

Of course, post-election Imran can’t be ignored. He’s proven his brand of populism has gained traction with the very same segment of voters the PML-N has long cultivated. So if he yells about something and keeps on yelling about it, the PML-N has to watch how the needle of public opinion moves.

Which is all really par for the course in politics.

The tricky bit is where he got under the skin of Nawaz: so fearful has the PML-N become of Khan’s rabble-rousing, they are hesitant to challenge him even on his loopier ideas.

Or forget PML-N generally, which is chock-full of opportunistic right-wingers; imagine if Nawaz himself were to push back against some of the crazier bits of the crazy talk spearheaded by the PTI and its leader?

In his folksy style with his heavyweight political and good-Muslim credentials, if Nawaz were to say to the people, actually, these TTP guys are pretty nasty and while we want peace, we can’t do it on their terms — how much would that do to puncture Khan’s narrative on the TTP?

A fair bit probably. But Nawaz is silent. Because Imran has got under his skin.

Hakeemullah and Imran: the tale of Pakistan circa 2013. Next year could be Nawaz’s, but first he’ll have to get his mojo back.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Lying to ourselves

EVER hear of Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams? The CIA’s 3,000-strong personal army culled from the best fighters in Afghanistan? The one the CIA keeps along the Pak-Afghan border and uses for covert missions inside — yes, inside — Fata? No, never heard of it? But you have heard of drones, right?

When the Bob Woodward story detailing Pakistani collusion on drones dropped this week, some of it sounded familiar. Secret maps given to Pakistan? Thirty-six disputed CIA visas?

It’s been out there for a while, written up with fewer details in Woodward’s book Obama’s Wars, published September 2010.

“A top secret CIA map detailing the attacks had been given to the Pakistanis” — this from a description of a November 2008 meeting on drones between then CIA director Mike Hayden, then president Zardari and then ambassador to the US Husain Haqqani.

“The Pakistanis balked at the joint operations, but were soon granting visas for more CIA people to enter Pakistan. For example, a January 18, 2010, request for 36 CIA people was soon approved” — this from a description of then CIA director Leon Panetta’s November 2009 trip to Pakistan.

None of this, of course, is new or surprising, especially since Mark Mazzetti’s The Way of the Knife dropped earlier this year with even juicier details.

But scanning Woodward’s 2010 book after all these years brought back the single biggest revelation of Obama’s Wars as far as Pakistan should have been concerned:

“One important secret that had never been reported in the media or elsewhere was the existence of the CIA’s 3,000-man covert army in Afghanistan. Called CTPT, for Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams, the army consisted mostly of Afghans, the cream of the crop in the CIA’s opinion.

“These pursuit teams were a paid, trained and functioning tool of the CIA that was authorised by President Bush. The teams conducted operations designed to kill or capture Taliban insurgents, but also often went into (Pakistan’s) tribal areas to pacify and win support.” (italics added)

And more explicitly, from the section detailing CIA director Panetta’s November 2009 visit to Pakistan: “His 3,000-man Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams (CTPT) were now conducting cross-border operations into Pakistan.” (italics added)

Woodward makes it clear that the CPTP doesn’t operate alongside or in collusion with Pakistani forces; in fact, they were designed, deployed and expanded as a workaround to a recalcitrant and uncooperative Pakistani state.

Umm, sovereignty? Territorial integrity? Violations of international law and propriety? Superpower run amok?

But no, you’ve probably never heard of CIA-Afghan Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams. And you’ve never heard of CTPT because no one here wants to talk about CTPT.

But everyone here wants to talk about drones. And you can be sure as hell that in the cloak-and-dagger world of secret ops, when anyone wants to publicly rail against the cloak-and-dagger stuff, they aren’t telling you the real reason they want to rail against that stuff.

Of course, talk about it long enough and people can figure out the real reasons. For the politicians, it’s public opinion: encouraged to think about and hate drones early on, the public really does hate them now; so there’s no political upside for a politician to try and change that.

For the army, it’s primarily about an expansive network of spies built originally to facilitate drones, but that has also been deployed to keep tabs on Pak-friendly militants like LeT and maybe also to learn more about Pakistan’s nuclear programme. Secondarily, it’s about the threat a fleet of drones hovering over Fata poses when one side’s good Taliban is the other side’s bad Taliban.

Thirdly, it’s about mission creep, with the Americans always pushing to expand so-called flight boxes, the geographical area in which drones are permitted to operate.

Woodward tells of how Panetta wanted drones over Balochistan and Quetta too because the CIA office in Quetta — yes, there is a CIA station in Quetta that operates with Pakistani permission. Imagine that! — was too limiting. Kayani’s response, Woodward tells us, was that “he would see that they (the Americans) had some access.”

Old hat all of this, old enough to be of vintage variety now.

There’s really only two questions left. One, when will the drones fly back home for good? Two, what will the now-cast-in-stone drones narrative leave behind here in Pakistan?

The first one is easy enough to guess: drone strikes will end when Obama, or his successor, decides that the Al Qaeda-linked internationalist threat in Fata has been vanquished.

The Pakistani state — military and civilian — doesn’t have the will, leverage or interest enough to change that presidential calculus. If, as Woodward, Mazzetti and many others have revealed, Obama has repeatedly slapped down dissenting opinion on drones inside his administration, what on earth can Pakistan do to make him change his mind?

In any case, ending the strikes altogether was never the Pakistani goal, of the army or the civilians. Like much else here, the goal was to bring the problematic security and political facets of drones within the band of the acceptable, the manageable.

The other question is, appropriately and inevitably, tougher to answer.

Drones have changed everything. And drones have changed nothing.

The army encouraged the public to hate drones, but the public didn’t need too much encouragement anyway — that’s what a generational diet of religion-fuelled hate and suspicion will do to you.

Yes, drones have made the national conversation about terrorism and extremism that much more difficult.

Anytime anyone is foolish enough to try and steer the conversation towards the threat within, someone — many — will pipe up about drones and what that has done to foment extremism here. The religious right. Imran Khan. The TTP. And, by now, even just your average Pakistani really.

But here’s the thing: if drones didn’t exist, we’d probably make them up anyway. Because no one here — not the leadership, not the people — wants to have a serious national conversation about terrorism and extremism and the threat within. Until that changes, nothing changes. Except, really, Pakistan changes.

So, no drones? No problem. There’s always the CTPT you’ve never heard of. n

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Relationship drift

IT almost makes you long for the bad ol’ days. A Pakistani prime minister is about to meet the US president and — yawn.

Where’s the anger, the bitterness? The accusations and recriminations? Jilted lovers, broken marriage, couples in therapy, awkward patch-ups, difficult in-laws — even the silly analogies and metaphors haven’t been trotted out this time.

They aren’t sulking, they aren’t fighting, they aren’t fawning over each other, they aren’t lecturing each other — nothing. It’s all a bit boring.

It’s not hard to figure out what happened. Democracy broke out in Pakistan; Obama tired of Afghanistan; the Americans have a tonne of problems at home; the Middle East has gone to hell; Pakistan isn’t fixable, but it’s not totally broken either; and neither side really knows what to do with the other.

Or to bottom-line it: thank the Taliban. The Afghan Taliban for making the Americans forget about transformative agendas; the Pakistani Taliban for keeping the boys here, and the civilians, preoccupied with the domestic mess.

The old reductions do still apply. For the US, Pakistan is essentially a land of a) nuclear weapons, b) terrorists and c) a swelling population with few prospects. Policymakers there probably still stay up nights sweating over the possibility of an apocalyptic coming together of those three variables.

For Pakistan, the zero-sum game of the relative influence of India and Pakistan with the big boys still nags — Pakistan knowing that it’s falling further and further behind in that game.

But the big-picture stuff has been overtaken by the here and now. What, most pressingly, to do about Afghanistan?

That the Americans have no real idea what to do with Afghanistan is apparent even to the Americans now. From that flows much of the mess that is Afghanistan, and that probably will be Afghanistan.

Sure, the Afghan Taliban haven’t exactly been helpful and Pakistan has refused to lead — and those are two very big problems. But American confusion and indecision and uncertainty are a quite breathtaking example of a superpower tying itself in knots.

But leave that aside for a minute. Over on this side, the Pakistanis aren’t really sure either.

The Pakistani side has two sides: the boys and the civilians. For a couple of years now, the boys have persistently hawked their line: they don’t have any favourites; they aren’t playing any games; if the Afghans can manage to engineer some kind of stability, then God bless and good luck.

Nobody really believes that line, but it’s been pushed steadily enough to prompt some kind of cautious reassessment of the true intentions of the boys.

Rather than the bald ‘Afghanistan is our backyard and we’ll do with it as we please’ explanation, could there be something a smidge less fierce at work?

Militarily, the links to the Afghan Taliban are too many and too obvious to deny. But then the boys have long argued that there is no military solution to Afghanistan, so that isn’t very surprising.

But what if, once the political route has been accepted as the only way to an Afghan settlement, the boys here really aren’t trying to pull a fast one? What if they actually mean to allow the chips to fall wherever the Afghans can agree to let them fall?

If that sounds too fanciful, how about a nuanced view of the nuanced view: could the boys be willing to let the political option play out because the downside risks to Pakistan’s — read, the army’s — interests are low and it’s anyway always possible to unravel an unfavourable outcome at a later stage?

That’s two uncertainties on Afghanistan: American confusion and the boys’ true intentions. Add a third uncertainty to the Pak-US mix: the civilians’.

Nawaz and his team clearly didn’t do much homework on any issue before winning the election, but perhaps in no area is this as true as on Afghanistan.

Not that it was possible, with so much uncertainty swirling around the other players, to do much homework on Afghanistan before coming to power.

But there are basic questions that could have been answered, even if only to themselves. What is at stake in Afghanistan? What are the options, broadly speaking? How important is Afghanistan to them — Nawaz and co — and how much political and diplomatic capital are they willing to spend on it?

This before the much more complicated stuff of how Afghanistan plugs into the civ-mil dynamic and where India factors into any or all of it.

But Nawaz entered blind and has stayed opaque. Ask the Nawaz team what they think about Afghanistan and they’re more likely to ask you what you think they should do. And that’s not just them being coy.

What all of that adds up to is one giant uncertainty. The biggest thing to be navigated in Pak-US relations is Afghanistan and none of the players involved are showing any real leadership on it.

Obama wants out of Afghanistan, the boys want to be seen to be hands off and the civilians have no real idea what they want — that’s drift right there, and drift doesn’t have the makings of high-wattage events or showstopping disputes.

But there’s another truth to Pak-US relationship drift: it’s taken them a decade to figure out that neither side has any real leverage over the other.

Pakistan can’t bargain with a gun to its own head, and the US doesn’t want to deal with the consequences of putting a gun to Pakistan’s head.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Hating Malala

WHY do they hate her so? At least with the TTP it isn’t hard to figure out: Malala has publicly and powerfully defied them. But why do so many ordinary, seemingly normal folk hate her?

Shame is an obvious possibility. Malala is the world’s most famous teenager. Her bravery and idealism have inspired millions. And yet, we’ve only had the privilege of witnessing Malala’s bravery and idealism because Pakistan has become the kind of place where a teenage girl is shot in the face for speaking about a girl’s right to education.

That’s pretty grotesque stuff, and something the haters know the rest of the world fawning over Malala is aware of.

But shame doesn’t cut it as an explanation. For where’s the rage against the TTP then? If the victim has earned scorn for unwittingly bearing testimony to the monstrousness that stalks this land, then why not opprobrium for the perpetrators too?

No, it feels less like guilt and shame and more like resentment. Resentment against a teenager shot in the face for speaking about a girl’s right to education?

Surely, that’s not what your average Pakistani has been reduced to? The easy — and to some, the obvious — answer is: yes, that is in fact what we have become.

In part because the implications of the simple answer are too horrifying to dwell on and also because simple explanations rarely fit something as complicated as societal perceptions, let’s try and search for a fuller explanation.

Why are so many ordinary, seemingly normal people consumed with anti-Malalaism?

It’s fair to say that your average Pakistani isn’t terribly impressed by the state. He loves Pakistan, he is attached to the land that comprises Pakistan, he fiercely believes in Pakistan as an idea, but when it comes to that most basic of questions in the state-society equation — how well does your state serve your needs? — he is not terribly impressed.

Nor should he be. Pakistan is a declining state. The ability of the state to positively intervene in people’s lives or to create an environment that allows people to pursue their life priorities as they see fit has been in decline for years, decades.

Forget the Taliban for a minute. It’s the everyday stuff that the state is supposed to provide the most that the state is failing at the most.

Basic security in neighbourhoods and homes? It’s been outsourced to the citizenry, rural and urban: higher walls, stronger gates and, for those who can afford it, personal guards.

Education and health? It’s been outsourced to the private sector, rural and urban: fee-charging schools, after-school tuition, private clinics, expensive medicines.

Justice? Fuggedaboutit. Water? Which brand of bottled water would you prefer? Entertainment or sport? Head to your nearest mall. Parks? See your local land grabber first. Public transport? Take your pick between a deathtrap on wheels or on rails. Sanitation? For Chrissake. Electricity?

If it ended at that, perhaps it would be all right. But your average Pakistani doesn’t just have to turn to the private market for virtually everything the state ought to be providing, he has to spend to protect himself from a predatory state.

Direct spending when it comes to dealing with, say, the lower judiciary and the police; indirect spending when it comes to dealing with, say, the health fallout of businesses and industries that pollute.

It sucks to be a Pakistani in Pakistan. And it sucks, largely, because the state is in decline.

A declining state engenders no love or loyalty. If the corpus of its laws and rules fails to create a system that delivers meaningfully and positively, why should the average citizen automatically rally to that system’s defence when it is under threat?

Sixty-six years into an irreversible experiment, the state — its structure, its systems, its rules — is still up for negotiation because the state has failed to make an irrefutable case to its people that the present structure, system and rules are the only ones that can work for Pakistan.

We’re still collectively standing around the drawing board, unconvinced by the model scrawled across it. And when you’re still stuck at the drawing-board stage, there’s always the possibility that someone will elbow their way to the board, chalk in hand, and present a different model.

Enter the Taliban.

Ever wonder why the pro-talks brigade is so quiet about what exactly can be negotiated with the Taliban? As in, what can we offer them in return for them ceasing their violence?

It’s fairly obvious: the bits about Islam. Tweak a few laws here and there, suggest some modifications to the judicial process, bring religion yet more explicitly into the functioning of the state — where’s the harm in any of that?

That’s the problem with a state that has failed to stamp an irreversible identity for itself. By staying in the realm of the abstract, of the negotiable and re-negotiable, it opened the door to an alternative discourse, a replacement theory.

Folk may hate the Taliban’s violence, but few would in principle argue against the Taliban’s basic idea for the state: more religion will lead to peace, security and maybe even prosperity.

What does any of that have anything to do with Malala? Why hate a young girl with so evidently a beautiful mind and spirit?

Because she speaks of the old model, of a state that is rooted in universal and modern principles and tenets, that delivers equally to all without recourse to religion. But there’s a new theory in town and it’s spread far and wide in this land of ours.

The Taliban have never been and will never be the principal threat to the Pakistani state as it was once conceived, but that failed to materialise. It’s the shared belief between the Taliban and the public in the essence of the Taliban mission that is the principal threat.

For better or worse, a state can’t exactly swap out swathes of its population and replace them with new citizens. But a state can, in theory at least, eliminate the purveyors of an ideology that make it possible for so many to hate a teenage girl who was shot in the face for speaking about a girl’s right to education.

But can an already declining state do any such thing? Long live the Taliban! Down with Malala!

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Don’t do it, Prime Minister

KAYANI must go. No extensions, no sinecure, no new job with old powers, no old job with new powers. Home. And Sharif must be the man to do it.

When it comes to all things army, everything gets complicated deliberately. Who runs the army today and how the military is organised today makes not an iota of difference to the fight against militancy at home or a post-2014 settlement in Afghanistan. Zero. Zilch. None.

Everything gets deliberately complicated when it comes to all things army because that’s how the army spins it.

Well, you see, if you move this around to there and shuffle that around to here, then things will be better because better is better and this is a better way to do things and it’s all very complicated and difficult because civilians don’t really understand this stuff. Nonsense.

There are no indispensables. Never have been, never will be. There are legends, there are heroes, there are the right leaders at the right time, there are leaders forged in the crucible of circumstance — but there are no indispensables.

Institutions need continuity, not continuous individuals. Fresh blood, new ideas, leadership anew. Erode that principle and everyone loses. Descend into the argument of circumstance and happenstance, and everyone loses.

The military may need reorganising, the army may need a different set-up at the top, but necessary or desirable restructuring must never be tied to the fate of a single man.

Throw open the debate, constitute a commission, convene a series of meetings, debate what needs to be done and then do it — when the fate of a single man is not hanging over the entire process.

Do it now, do it this way — an extension or a newfangled position — and the game is up. For Nawaz. And for the rest of us, who live in the forlorn hope that one day a better Pakistan may be possible.

Nawaz has a choice, a very real one. Sandila for CJCSC; one, two or three in seniority as COAS. It would send a simple, powerful, double-pronged message.

The army has claimed the CJCSC slot for itself because of the nukes: the argument being that the country’s nuclear programme cannot be overseen by one of the smaller forces.

It is only an argument, never debated, never questioned, never explained — and there’s absolutely no reason to accept it. Just because the army says so, doesn’t automatically make it so.

Maybe once that was true, but Sandila, the naval chief, to CJCSC would send a powerful message to the boys: new rules, fair rules, rules decided by the civilians.

Gens 1, 2 or 3 in seniority — Aslam, Mahmood or Sharif — to COAS would also send a message. No games, no favourites, no second-guessing, no politicking. If they’re good enough to make it to the top three, one of them is good enough to be No 1. That’s the system, that’s how it’s meant to work.

Go lower down the rungs in search of a chief and folk will inevitably start to question why. Is the DGI the favourite because he kept out of the election in Punjab, earning himself the ultimate reward? Is Tariq Khan a favourite because the Americans like his gung-ho approach to fighting militancy?

Pick from the top three and Nawaz would be signalling to the boys that he’s not playing games, not working the angles, not trying to get some kind of an edge from the only office that could pose a threat to him. Simple. Clean. A rules-based appointment to put the army at ease.

That’s the good option: Sandila to CJCSC, one, two or three for COAS.

There is a terrible option, the one that just won’t die: Kayani to be adjusted somewhere, in uniform, with power.

It’s spun as the apologetic necessary, the unwanted inevitable: Afghanistan has to be figured out, and there’s only one guy to do it — the guy who has been around since forever.

But however it’s spun, there is one, only one, single, solitary, singular reason Kayani could be accommodated: Nawaz is afraid of a coup.

Splitting the COAS’s powers, divesting the office of its power to make or break generals’ careers, or keeping Kayani where he is would betray the most depressing of all Pakistani realities: a three-term PM, elected with a solid mandate, the lion of Punjab, he of the will to change Pakistan is afraid of a coup.

Were he to do it, were Nawaz to keep the general around, his prime ministership would be over. Dead. Finished. Done in less than six months.

For Nawaz could complete his term, spend five years in power, but nothing would erase the spectacular capitulation, the grovelling and pleading, the prostrateness of giving a two-term chief another lease of life.

Fear a coup so openly, so desperately, so early on, and nothing you do subsequently will erase the stain or hide the fear.

There is no good reason on God’s green earth for Nawaz to give Kayani another lease of life. No — good — reason. None whatsoever.

Nawaz has, in fact, actually, truly, really, been handed a godsend. Through no doing of his own, four months into his term, fate has given him the chance to choose his own, and Pakistan’s, destiny.

Nawaz has the notification already: Sandila as CJCSC; general one, two or three waiting to be pencilled in as COAS.

All Nawaz has to do is say no. No, Gen K, no more. The show will go on, without you.

Saying no is sometimes the hardest thing to do. But say yes, and Nawaz will become the new Zardari: the man who elevated survival over everything else.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Understanding Imran

EVERYONE thinks Khan is nuts. Even folk in his party. Talk to the Taliban? It’s madness, mishegoss, lunacy.

Yet he persists, insists. Few have bothered to ask why though. Why fight the logic of rationality and the truth? Why be Taliban Khan? Why traverse the distance from appeaser to sympathiser to accomplice?

It starts from the beginning. When Imran started out in politics, he knew nothing about politics. He was out to the change the world, or at least his little corner of it, but he didn’t have the slightest clue how.

Unhappily for Khan, his opponents knew exactly what to do to neutralise the World Cup-winning, hospital-building, upstart politician who was a national hero.

In the political arena, Khan became the Jew-loving, secular playboy with children out of wedlock. Every time Khan wanted to talk about politics, his opponents wanted to talk about paternity tests.

It worked. Khan’s politics of opposition were drowned out by the jeering and rumours and salaciousness. His past had followed him into his future; old facts incompatible with new ambitions.

So Imran did the obvious thing: he set about converting Playboy Khan into Muslim Khan.

By owning religion, by embracing it and carrying a bright, burning torch for it, the godless secularist slowly inched towards safer terrain: the good Muslim.

It took years, but eventually the transformation was complete. Now, every time the mullah tried to shout him down, Khan could roar back.

His born-again credentials were impeccable, his defence of religion strident, his spiritual anchor unshakeable. Khan could get on with the business of politics freed from the distraction of the politics of religion.

Except, somewhere along the way, his re-education made him a believer. Of the personal religious side we can never know, but certainly of the intersection of politics and religion we do know.

If religion could be used to keep a man down, it could also be used to pull a man up. Khan, the victim of the intersection of politics and religion in the beginning, realised, once he had broken through to the other side, just how useful a tool it is to build support.

Folk wanted a new leader who could drag the country in a better direction, but folk had also become a bit more conservative over Khan’s lifetime. New Imran offered the perfect mix: a do-er who wore his religion on his sleeve.

That’s the first part of the evolution into Taliban Khan.

The second part is Khan’s Pakhtun roots: he’s just really, really into them now. He’s come to believe he knows what makes the Pakhtun mind tick, the carrots that appeal to it and the sticks that can work.

The one-time male chauvinist discovered ethnic chauvinism: Khan as a Pakhtun could tap into the Pakhtun psyche, which, for Khan, was the crucial step to understanding the Taliban phenomenon.

There is a deep irony here: for long, the state here has believed that the Pakhtuns could be kept in line, manipulated by one of two levers, nationalism and religion. But the state understood that they are alternating levers, never to be pressed at the same time.

Nationalism had to be discouraged because the Pakhtuns straddle the Durand Line and too much of Pakhtun nationalism could give them funny ideas about carving out a land for themselves.

But the other lever — religion — if pushed too far could create blowback of its own. See, the Taliban, in Afghanistan and Pakistan.

That’s also why there are still incurable conspiracy theorists out there who see the MMA government in KP followed by an ANP government as the state playing its old game of alternating between the religion/nationalism levers.

But Khan is different: he thinks he understands both, religion and nationalism, and wants to apply them both at the same time to his theory of reining in the TTP.

There is a third element in the evolution of Taliban Khan: ignorance. Yes, ignorance of a general kind he’s often accused of, but this particular ignorance is of a specific kind in a specific context.

What lines does Khan have open to the TTP? Who does he have access to, behind the scenes, through discreet and secure channels?

The Sharifs have shown how it’s done. Punjab has been kept relatively safe and away from immediate harm, folk have long suspected, because of their policy of buying off or co-opting militant threats.

But while the contours of that policy can be guessed, the specifics have been much harder to pin down — because the Sharifs are discreet about the behind-the-scenes, back-channel stuff.

Then Mauwiya, he of the Punjabi Taliban fame, let the cat out of the bag, jumping the gun on talks and earning himself a temporary punishment from TTP central.

Khan insists that talks are the only option, but who’s he got on the inside? Who’s the guy who can give Khan the inside track on what’s going on in the TTP, who’s up for talks, who isn’t, who to approach first, whom to be wary of?

Khan has no one. It started to become apparent during the election campaign: if the idea of talks and only talks was a scary enough position Khan had staked out, what was scarier was the realisation that Khan was only speaking to the TTP through his speeches and TV appearances.

After the election, it became clearer still: Khan and co approached various obvious interlocutors and asked several to help put the PTI in touch with the TTP.

Khan has no one on the inside. Which is almost as horrifying as the idea of talks and only talks: Khan not only doesn’t understand the enemy, he doesn’t even know who it is.

He doesn’t know because he doesn’t care. Because he thinks he knows what the real problem is.

Which has created a problem for everyone else: how to rein in Taliban Khan?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The talks confusion

IT’S the trickiest of juggling acts the boys are trying to pull off right now: nudge along talks with the Afghan Taliban; reject talks with the TTP.

Why? Is it all a house of mirrors or just the convoluted logic of good Taliban/bad Taliban?

The so-called prisoner releases — are the Afghans prisoners or honoured guests or reluctant sanctuary-seekers or something else altogether? — seem to be the easier half of the riddle: the boys don’t want to be seen as spoilers.

Nobody really knows what will happen in Afghanistan post-2014, but everyone, including the boys here, are convinced that Pakistan will be blamed if reconciliation isn’t given a serious shot. And the boys don’t want to be blamed.

Not yet anyway, because ultimately the policy will be laid bare and if it’s the same ol’, same ol’ — control of Afghanistan via Taliban proxies to keep India out — blame will surely be heaped on. But that’s for some other year.

Right now, reconciliation is the game in town and the boys want to play too — or at least be seen to be playing.

TTP is trickier, the aversion to talks, that is. To understand it, down the rabbit hole we must go, exploring options and possibilities and why the boys may be thinking what they are thinking.

The take-it-at-face-value explanation: having fought the TTP for years, having understood what they stand for, having seen the damage they can wreak, having absorbed what they want to do to Pakistan, the boys know that talks are futile and force the only meaningful option.

The boys like this explanation. It casts them as the heroic defenders of the country, the men on the side of right in a time when everyone else is too weak to stand up and be counted. And after one of their own was taken out by an IED this week, the boys have been hawking their preferred explanation ever more urgently.

Could there be another, less noble, less charitable explanation though? After all, boys will be boys and few boys are like our boys, right?

One theory is time. Nudging talks along with the Afghan Taliban right now doesn’t mean that anyone expects anything to happen anytime soon. It seems impossible that any deal can be sealed before the Afghan presidential election next April.

What’s that got to do with talking or not talking to the TTP right now? Talks means more space for the TTP now and less space for the boys later.

Better to further degrade the under-pressure factions of the TTP now and go into the Afghan-settlement phase with the TTP problem under control than to allow the TTP to recover during a talks/deal phase and then have to deal with the double headache of coaxing the Afghan Taliban into an Afghan settlement while simultaneously pressuring them to distance themselves from their TTP friends.

The boys, according to this theory, have only so much capital — control, influence, take your pick — with the Afghan Taliban. That capital would be better spent on working out a post-2014 arrangement for Afghanistan than trying to keep the Afghan Taliban away and apart from a still-powerful TTP.

Wriggle a bit further down the rabbit hole, amp up the scepticism, and the no-to-talks theory becomes darker.

The boys, according to this dark theory, know that eventually a deal will have to be done with the TTP. There is no military solution, no final solution, just some hope that a lid can be kept on the militancy box.

But to cut a deal now with the TTP would force into the open what the world has long suspected of the boys, that whether it be out of cowardice, fear or sympathy, the boys love the Taliban. And that would look terrible, especially with an Afghan settlement yet to be achieved.

The boys a) don’t want to look bad and b) still believe the real prize is Afghanistan. So no to talks with the TTP, not now at least.

Beyond a point though, the endless theorising misses the point. Nothing is clear because the army isn’t clear, and the army isn’t clear because the army is divided.

Two anecdotes will suffice.

Gen K, on a condolence visit to a soldier’s home, was told of how Taliban suicide bombers and fidayeen attackers are rumoured to get high on drugs before an attack. The point being made was that the Taliban are madmen on drugs. Gen K quietly replied, religion can be a drug too.

A chief who seems to get what the problem is — surely, there must be hope then, right?

But there is a flip side. To build the case that the TTP is as bad as bad can get, the less-visible, more-powerful boys drew up a list of several thousand names. Against each name, a sponsor was listed: CIA, RAW, NDS, Mossad, etc. These folk aren’t Taliban, the case was made, they’re mercenaries, paid agents of the enemies of Pakistan.

The real battle that has to be fought is among the boys themselves. The ones who get it, who understand the problem, exist. But so do the other kind, the ones who’ve drunk the koolaid of jihad and are drawn from a society that has lurched to the right.

And because one side is bold and insistent and the other timid and hesitant, we’re left with the strangest of juggling acts before us: talk to some, whack others.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

An ugly narrative

HOT off the Taliban press: the Islamic Emirate of North Waziristan has been approached, cap in hand, by the illegitimate and unlawful Democratic Republic of Pakistan suing for peace.

Benevolently, the Islamic Emirate has agreed to consider the surrender, but has laid down aggressive, non-negotiable terms that the illegitimate and unlawful Democratic Republic must agree to.

Barring that, the Islamic Emirate will wage war with conviction and purpose until the enemy is defeated and peace, security and the Islamic way are established.

Now back to the real world.

The cravenness of the government’s offer of dialogue has already been skewered. Less clear is what’s propelling the apparent narrative of defeat. There are several theories, so let’s turn to them.

The cynical version: wait a few months. The government and the army know dialogue won’t work, they know what needs to be done, military operations are inevitable, for miscellaneous reasons the timing isn’t right right now, so wait a few months. All will be revealed.

The pragmatic version: the civilians want to beef up the intel and security apparatus in the cities — Nacta, intel coordination, rapid-reaction force, etc — before taking the fight to a Taliban divided by the carrot of talks being dangled right now. Stronger defences, a weaker opponent — stuff the government thinks it can buy with time.

The embarrassing version: unwilling to go it alone, desperate for buy-in from across the political spectrum, the only way for the government to rope in the religious right and the PTI was to dilute the language against their militant friends. Hence the craven tone and tenor of the resolution.

The scary version: the PML-N has a militancy problem of its own. Between the fear factor (Punjab going up in flames) and the sympathy factor (voter and candidate in the Punjabi heartland have a soft spot for those who fight in the name of Islam), the government can’t afford to alienate its base. Better then to plead and grovel before the militants.

Or, just as likely, it could be a combination of those four theories driving the narrative of defeat.

In outcomes, there are three possibilities. One, Swat redux. A deal is struck, the Taliban get what they want, but then they get greedy and hasty and end up doing something that angers or alienates the country. The hammer is brought down and the Taliban recede.

Two, coexistence. A deal is struck, the Taliban get to keep their infrastructure of jihad and nurture and grow it out of public view, attacks go down significantly, the state can go back to pretending things are OK, the militancy ball gets kicked down the road again, perhaps to explode soon or, who knows, just slowly deflate.

Three, shambolic ebb and flow. The future will mimic the present: the state clumsily trying to tamp down the militancy threat, the militants succeeding in hurting the country but never really threatening to take over. The deal struck, like the many before it, will fade into the distance, no one quite sure why it didn’t work or whether it still holds or not.

Which outcome is the likeliest?

Hard to say because reliable information on the state’s will and the militants’ capacity is so scarce.But the risks are reasonably clear. First, and most obviously, the Taliban can use the period of dialogue, and even the duration a deal holds, to regroup and rebuild. Bigger, stronger, faster — the Taliban on steroids.

Second, the battlefield successes in Swat and six of Fata’s seven agencies could unravel if the Taliban are allowed to publicly resurface and saunter around shielded by an amnesty or immunity deal.

Third — least obviously, very likely and most damagingly — the narrative war may be lost for good.

Narratives matter a great deal. War is a dirty, ugly business; counter-insurgencies even more so. Vacillate on whether the enemy is or isn’t the enemy and that erodes the space you need to take on the enemy.

Have a look at KP. Imran and the PTI are running around talking about peace, making the Taliban out to be wayward souls in need of some attention and affection, and immediately it has had an impact — on the provincial security apparatus.

It’s the same police, the same officers, the same foot soldiers in KP as before the election. But there’s a difference now: they are more hesitant, more wracked by uncertainty, less willing to lead. Why?

The narrative has changed. The PTI thinks a deal can be cut, so why should the police put their lives on the line to fight or defend against militants who may soon be embraced as model citizens?

The problem with narratives is twofold. One, you can’t just toggle back and forth between competing narratives. Pick one and it has lingering effects.

Two, some narratives are more difficult to build and sustain than others. In Pakistan, the Islamist narrative is the easiest to trot out, or, conversely, the most difficult to push back against.

Legitimised by the state and accepted by society, what the Taliban say — Islam, by any means necessary — is digested more easily than, say, what the army has been hawking lately: the state must not confer legitimacy on those who seek to illegitimately wrest power to remake state and society in their own likeness.

It’s a strange, new world where the army understands that narratives are important and is backing the right one, but the civilians are oblivious to both the power of narratives and the damage they are causing by backing the wrong one.

Perhaps the best that can be hoped for in this strange, new world is that the Islamic Emirate of North Waziristan will break from form and do something stupid; forcing the collective survival instinct of Pakistan to kick in.

At least the survival instinct is a narrative that doesn’t have to be learned or explained.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Full-spectrum deterrence

BLINK and you could have missed it. But something quite astonishing happened this week at the National Command Authority (NCA) meeting.

“Pakistan would not remain oblivious to evolving security dynamics in South Asia and would maintain a full-spectrum deterrence capability to deter all forms of aggression.”

Full-spectrum deterrence — endorsed by the NCA. Why? How? The who we know. But what does it mean?

First, a very basic, thoroughly imprecise rundown. Nuclear weapons were supposed to make war impossible. Except, not quite.

Conflict is still possible below the nuclear threshold. A tiny war as it were, because both India and Pakistan know the cost of escalating any conflict.

Escalate — say, a localised conflict along the LoC shifts to the international border where armies threaten to cross over — and Pakistan promises to pull the nuclear trigger.

That’s into big, proper war terrain and both sides are supposed to understand that a nuclear war will inflict terrible, unacceptable damage on the other. Deterrence, achieved.

Between the two — localised conflict and a big, proper war — however, lies space that India has theoretically tried to manipulate since, in particular, the Mumbai attacks.

Cold Start — the bête noire of the Pakistani security establishment.

Frustrated by Pakistan’s ability to launch attacks whose provenance is in dispute, via non-state actors, India is, in theory, working on the building blocks for rapid, punitive strikes inside Pakistani territory.

Another Mumbai happens. Then, quickly, Indian boots on the ground, planes in the air and, say, Muridke is taken out before the Indians pull back across the border — an attack that does not involve the seizing of territory, just the intention to hurt Pakistan for its perceived aggression via non-state players.

The idea is that a Cold Start attack will be limited enough to deny Pakistan the justification to escalate to full-fledged, inevitably nuclear, war and will be rapid enough to prevent the notoriously slow international community from intervening.

Enter the Pakistani response: full-spectrum deterrence. It’s a Strategic Plans Division, essentially military, concoction.

Since Pakistan can’t compete with India’s growing conventional military might, we develop mini nukes to nullify Cold Start: if the rapid-reaction Indian battle groups cross over into Pakistan, we nuke them.

India is supposed to understand that its forces being nuked in the battlefield is an unacceptable cost for whatever punitive damage Cold Start is meant to achieve.

So the gap that India may seek to exploit between a small, localised conflict and a big, proper war has been plugged. Full-spectrum deterrence: achieved, apparently.

Back to the NCA meeting: the logic for mini nukes that was developed, and possibly has been operationalised, by the SPD, the military-run secretariat of the NCA, the apex nuclear policy body, was given an official imprimatur this week.

With or without the endorsement of the NCA, the SPD was going to do what it has deemed necessary in the national interest. That’s the civil-military imbalance right there.

But the NCA is, theoretically, a civilian-led body. Why would Nawaz, who heads the NCA as prime minister, want to give civilian endorsement to a military doctrine whose contours and implications have never been debated?

Possibly the civilians don’t have a clue what they have endorsed, possibly they don’t really care. But not knowing or not caring doesn’t equal to not having any effect.

Nawaz wants better ties with India. But India’s ties with Pakistan are premised on what Pakistan — ie the state, the sum of the civilians and the military — does, not what the civilians want.

The crazies and hardliners in India — and yes, for every crazy and hardliner here, India probably has two, or more, of its own — will look at full-spectrum deterrence and think, hmm, what Pakistan is really trying to do is retain the option of another Mumbai.

And now that the civilians have, almost surely unwittingly, endorsed full-spectrum deterrence, why should the Indians take Nawaz at face value or believe the already impossible, that the military will let the civilians lead on India relations?

A clueless prime minister or a complicit prime minister — neither look any good.

The truly astonishing thing about the Nawaz-led NCA endorsement of full-spectrum deterrence is that it wasn’t the point of the meeting to begin with.

The point was The Washington Post revelations of hyper American scrutiny of Pakistan’s nuclear programme and the possibility that nuclear paraphernalia could fall into the hands of militants.

Publicly, all the NCA had to say was: relax, everybody, we’ve got the safety and security of the nuclear programme under control.

That would have worked because a) it’s reasonably true and b) it’s not like the US leaked the secret information to the media — in fact, there’s a very conscious attempt to not publicly pressure Pakistan on its nuclear deterrent at the moment.

Privately, the NCA did have some work to do. The WaPo story gave cold, hard details of a massive American surveillance and intelligence-gathering effort against core assets of national defence: any time a state is given such information, it has to re-evaluate its defences and see where counter-intelligence needs to be beefed up.

That’s a job for both the civilians and the military. As the controversy several years ago over the surge of so-called American diplomats to Pakistan demonstrated, civilian alacrity is needed in something as simple as visa applications.

Incredibly, however, the Nawaz-led NCA strayed from the relatively straightforward public task and the more complex covert work necessitated by the Post’s revelations and ventured into the realm of full-spectrum deterrence.

That the smaller, military-doctrine tail has wagged the bigger, national-security dog since forever is the very basis of Pakistan’s problematic national-security articulation and structure.

Why on earth would Nawaz perpetuate that? Does he even know he has helped perpetuate it? Maybe he doesn’t know, maybe he doesn’t care — but then right there is the road to civ-mil perdition.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Ninety days

QUESTION: what does it take to miss a PPP government? Answer: a PML-N government.

Ninety days was a false construct, a sexy, snappy number that deliberately missed the point: these are the first assemblies to begin their terms more confident they will complete them than not.

Somehow, though, 90 days became a false landmark. And 90 days later, some old truths have begun to reveal themselves again.

In truth, it’s difficult to miss the last PPP government.

It’s one thing to be incompetent, another to be corrupt and something else altogether to be corrupt and incompetent at the same time — a combination the last government had seemingly perfected.

But the PPP is also like an unruly child: angered as you are by their actions, scared as you are for everyone’s safety, you can’t quite stay mad at them. It’s not like they can be anything but themselves, can they?

The incompetence in government, though, has a fascinating flipside: the PPP kills it in opposition.

Just look at them — Raza Rabbani and Khursheed Shah — tearing great chunks out of the government with their slashing comments and cutting questions. They’re alert, they’re masters of parliamentary rules and convention, they never let an opportunity go, and they’re always on the hunt for something to hurt the government with.

Even when someone inconsequential from the provincial field in Sindh pipes up now in the media, you can’t help but smile. The PPP has got its mojo back.

A ragtag, happy-go-lucky sort, nothing suits the PPP more than being freed of the burden of governance.

Sure, they’re still in control of rural Sindh, but does anyone really think that place can be rescued with even the best government in the world? Not in our lifetimes — which, luckily for the PPP, means they get a free pass at home.

Governing brings out the worst in the PPP. Often, they don’t even know that they don’t know — cluelessness taken to another level. But chuck them to the other side of the aisle and, suddenly, it’s like a completely different PPP. Or the same PPP, just with its better side on display.

The PML-N? Ponderous in opposition, ponderous in government — it’s pretty much the same, except the spotlight is bigger and more intense when you cross the aisle.

The N-League’s problem, one of them at least, is that they’re just not very good at explaining themselves. Or anything they’re doing. Or anything they’re thinking of doing.

Take this business of the death penalty.

The N-League wanted to reverse the PPP’s moratorium on the death penalty. Good idea or bad idea, the reasoning may be of little relevance to the miserable chaps sitting on death row who suddenly realise they may be marched to the gallows after all, but to the rest of us, in whose name the state wants to go back to executing convicts, reasons do matter.

Except the PML-N made no attempt to explain it. Was it populist bloodlust, the PML-N pandering to its religiously conservative base? Does Nawaz think the death penalty is a deterrent, in addition to being a religious obligation? Is it a first step towards a planned reinvigoration of the Islamising process?

Who knows. All we got was a notification that the moratorium is to be ended.

And so, instead of angering or alienating or alarming possibly just one segment of the population, the PML-N ended up agitating everyone.

The businessmen came calling: umm, this may screw up our export plans; some of the Western markets are rather squeamish about executions and the like.

The TTP came knocking: hang on, we’ll go to the afterlife and all the goodness it has to offer when we want to, not when you tell us.

The human rights folk and the small but vocal — and yes, powerful — liberal, secular constituency were up in arms: monsters! You can’t drag us back into the dark ages!

Who knows, had the PML-N gone to the floor of parliament and articulated the reinstatement of the death penalty as part of its religiously conservative identity, the TTP may have been less ferocious in its threats — when Islam meets Islam, a gentleman’s agreement is often sought.

Of course, you suspect the TTP would still threaten — the code of ‘no one gets left behind’ is a terrific recruiting and cadre-galvanising trick — but then the PML-N could have earned brownie points with its political base: look at Mian sahib, he is truly the lion of Punjab, bows to no one, the crowd may have murmured appreciatively.

Or if — a remote if — the death-penalty threat was just leverage to get the TTP talking, then a signal to the businessmen would have been helpful. Because then the businessmen would be thinking: a few more exports lost versus the possibility of the hellish internal security being fixed.

But none of that happened. And even now, an about-turn on the U-turn that may or may not be reversed again, nobody knows just what the PML-N is up to.

Which leaves the possibility that maybe the PML-N itself doesn’t know.

Question: what does it take to miss a PPP government? Answer: a PML-N government.

Does the PML-N care? Not really. For there is an all-important, be-all-and-end-all, fundamental difference: the N-League continues to win — elections, that is.

Huff and puff, scream or yell, implore or deplore, go blue in the face — as long as the PML-N has its folksy, seemingly guileless, guy-next-door leader, Nawaz, who the Punjabi voter adores, the party is OK with the critics having a go at it.

A government that knows how to win and an opposition that knows how to oppose — not really the best of any world, but it’s only been 90 days. A few 90s more and we’ll all know more.

The writer is a member of staff.

Twitter: @cyalm

cyril.a@gmail.com

A slow surrender?

IT’S an old trick of Nawaz’s: the more you see, the less you know. And he’s at it again.

DCC, NSC, CDNS, none of it matters really until you get the A, B, C right. I.E. It’s not the name that matters, it’s the configuration and the quality of the decisions that do.

Before the election, Nawaz seemed to be on the right track.

The NSC was anathema because it represented all that the politicians had come to loathe: institutionalising what was the de facto arrangement of power — military on top, the civilians thrashing around below.

Before the election, Nawaz seemed to get that the DCC is more miss than hit not because of its existing configuration, but because it didn’t have the right ammunition.

Give the DCC a proper secretariat, a dedicated staff that can help the principals make sense of things, and much of the fog would automatically lift — at least on the civilian side, because the military already has all the paper-churning backup it needs in GHQ and Aabpara.

That was before the election.

After the election, are we witnessing a slow surrender?

Nawaz being Nawaz, it’s never easy to say. Inscrutable and insular at the best of times, he’s taken it to a new level this time — just ask any of the desperate PML-N leaders always asking around about what their boss is thinking, or even up to.

But there are some clues to what Nawaz is thinking, if not planning and doing.

First, you have to go back to the basic Nawaz mould. He did and seems still to consider himself heir to the Mughal throne.

Ardeshir Cowasjee used to tell a brilliant, possibly embellished, tale about this particular tendency of Nawaz.

The prime minister’s office once rang up Ardeshir to inform him that Nawaz wanted to pay a visit to the splendid Cowasjee home in Karachi. He wasn’t told why, but since no one says no to a visit by the prime minister, Ardeshir agreed.

When an advance team arrived at his home to secure it and map out the visit, an objection was raised.

The little wooden door through which all visitors entered the Cowasjee home required everyone to stoop a bit, to avoid banging their head against the beam above the door.

The prime minister doesn’t bow his head before anyone, Ardeshir was told by the prime ministerial advance team, you’ll have to use a different entrance to receive him.

Heir to the Mughal throne means Nawaz will only do things when Nawaz is ready to do them.

The election, Nawaz decided, was a referendum on electricity, so that was his first priority. When terrorism quickly forced itself to the front of the queue, Nawaz’s default response kicked in: I’m not ready yet, I’ve got five years, I’ll deal with this in my way, on my own clock.

Terrorism, India, Afghanistan, Punjab, intelligence, police, CDNS — they’re all inter-linked and nowhere has the Nawaz imprint been made yet.

If it rested at that, perhaps it would not matter that much. But there is one significant difference between Nawaz 3.0 and the earlier versions: while he’s not ready to decide, he’s letting others decide.

It matters less that the leaner, supposedly more focused CDNS will have one more civilian member than uniformed; what matters is that the uniformed members can be expected to speak as one and they alone have a semi-institutionalised form of decision-making and input-taking.

How that squares with Nawaz’s pre-election promise of the civilians leading and the military following isn’t hard to figure out: it doesn’t.

The second clue to what Nawaz is thinking was doing the rounds for weeks and confirmed in his speech this week: he and his team had no real idea how bad things were.

That things were bad was obvious enough; just how bad they are has only dawned on the N-League leadership after coming to power. Reality has caused Nawaz to pause, to take stock first before figuring out what has to be done.

Politics is of course, and unhappily, supreme here. The right thing to do is secondary to the politically advantageous, or least disadvantageous, thing to do.

The go-slow approach — for now — is less about figuring out what to do, but about figuring out how to fit the new, post-election, since-coming-to-power information into the political matrix of decision-making.

Yeah, for example, dialogue isn’t going to go anywhere, but take it off the table quickly and what could that mean for peace in the realm — Fortress Sharif, Punjab?

The third clue comes courtesy the very small circle that speaks to Nawaz on such matters. Call it the ‘C’ choice: confrontation or co-option.

Confrontation is off the table, Nawaz’s aides claim. Don’t think about it as wresting power back from the army, they explain, think of it as finding ways to take everyone along.

Even talk of co-option makes Nawaz’s aides squeamish; they’d rather not frame civ-mil relations in a way that suggests one side emerging ahead of the other. Seen from that perspective, the CDNS makes sense.

An institutionalised role for the army; a decision in which there was some give-and-take (no NSC, but significant say); a group that presents a joint front; a body that allows one side, the military, to press its case, while the other side, Nawaz, makes up his mind — it gives the veneer of forward movement, while allowing the state of suspended animation to continue.

Essentially, the heir to the Mughal throne keeps his robes, while the original power centre doesn’t have to get its guard up. A neat, temporary arrangement, if ever there was one.

Except, passivity on the civilian side can lead to that most familiar of denouements: where everyone begins to see the heir to the Mughal throne is dressed in the emperor’s clothes.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Being Pakistan

IT’S possible, for the human condition generally and the Pakistani condition specifically, to read too much into something or too little.

When it comes to the inimitable Mohammad Hanif, though, it’s a good idea always to read twice, at least.

From a June 2011 essay by Hanif in Newsline:

“What is the last thing you say to your best general when ordering him to conduct a do-or-die mission? A prayer maybe, if you are religiously inclined. A short lecture underlining the importance of the mission if you want to keep it businesslike. Or maybe you just say ‘good luck,’ accompanied by a clicking of the heels and a final salute.

“On the night of July 5, 1977 as Operation Fair Play, meant to topple Z.A. Bhutto’s elected government, was about to commence, the then army chief Gen Ziaul Haq took his right-hand man and the corps commander of 10th Corps, Lt General Faiz Ali Chishti, aside and whispered to him: ‘Murshid, marwa na daina.’ (Murshid, don’t get us killed.)”

Aug 17 would have been a good enough excuse to revisit Hanif’s take on July 1977. But the Sikander and Zamurrad show trumped all this week. Even Nisar’s counterterrorism strategy.

And as folk struggled to understand what the farce in Islamabad meant for the country’s capacity to systematically fight back against the terrorism, militancy and extremism threat, that line — Murshid, marwa na daina — seemed to have much to say.

Zia’s exhortation — imploration? — on the night that began the Great Experiment had an echo 22 years later. Perhaps inhibited by the writer’s lack of Hanifian flair, it has gone largely unnoticed.

From Musharraf’s In the Line of Fire, in the moments after Pakistan’s latest saviour had disembarked from the fateful flight from Colombo:

“As I walked to the car waiting for me on the tarmac, I wondered, ‘God, what have I landed into?’”

“Murshid, marwa na daina” and “God, what have I landed into?” — with those words were launched the two course-altering epochs of modern Pakistan.

Then along came the Sikander and Zamurrad show this week.

It was farcical, it was cringe-worthy, it was logic defying — it was quintessentially Pakistani. It was also everything Nisar’s anti-terrorism strategy is not meant to be.

Nisar is on the right track, the experts tell us. The response to Sikander’s frightening theatrics and Zamurrad’s clumsy, near-fatal dash to glory embodied everything the state should not do, the experts have lamented.

Rationally speaking, the experts are right.

The TTP is ruthless; LJ is formidably well-trained; the Baloch separatists are canny; LeT, if anyone wants to eventually dissolve it back into society, is educated, organised and tremendously resourceful; and Al Qaeda is the very essence of patience and doggedness.

What also works in each of their favour is that they don’t have to win; they just have to not lose. That asymmetry means many quiet months of inactivity can be shattered by a single high-profile, psychologically damaging attack — and everyone here will feel the country is again slipping away from them.

Hell, it doesn’t even have to be a well-thought-out or sophisticated plan, as Sikander with his guns and penchant for playing to the cameras so emphatically, and yet perhaps unwittingly, demonstrated.

Oddly enough — are paradox and contradiction the other signifiers of the Pakistani condition? — the approach most likely to succeed in the fight against terror is embodied in programmes Pakistan loves to hate: drones and the get-Osama mission.

Patience; perseverance; sifting painstakingly through intelligence; drawing up a plan of action; clear, deliberate thinking when it comes to OK-ing a strike; highly trained personnel; lethal and accurate weaponry — that’s what gets you results, and results in a manner you can be satisfied with.

But then along came Zamurrad.

If Pakistan could do all that the experts want of it in the fight against militancy and terrorism, we probably wouldn’t have got in this mess to begin with.

Or, to put it in another, more general way, if we knew how to do things, anything, properly, then we wouldn’t still be a Third World — developing, if you will — country.

Zamurrad showed us, and God bless him for it, that there is another possibility, that to succeed you don’t always have to be smart, sophisticated or prepared.

A bit of madness helps, especially when systems are so thoroughly broken and we can’t wait to fix those systems to perfection, or even adequacy, before taking the fight to the enemy.

So to the pantheon of “Murshid, marwa na daina” and “God, what have I landed into” add Zamurrad’s adrenaline-charged, wildly emotional words before the cameras after he helped end Sikander’s morale-sapping stand-off.

For marry Nisar’s evolving, sober and serious counterterrorism plan with Zamurrad’s wild emotionalism, and Pakistan may just have a workable strategy against terror.

But that’s crazy? Exactly. Maybe we need a little bit of crazy.

But we’re a nuclear power; surely the instinct behind a lunge towards a madman with a gun can’t be part of the answer to our terrorism woes?

Why not? There’s a significant difference between controlled and uncontrolled environments.

A nuclear programme is the ultimate in controlled environments: money, know-how, time and patience all thrown together in a tightly regulated environment. Results are all but guaranteed.

The fight against terrorism is out there, among the people, embedded in society, part of a sprawling, rickety state and security apparatus, dependent on a thousand moving parts and strings that can’t simply be ordered, or even trained quickly, to move on command and in concert. It’s the ultimate in uncontrolled environments.

That’s also part of the reason why the motorway police works while the Karachi, KP and Balochistan police flop: controlled versus uncontrolled environments.

In the real, uncontrolled world, there’s obviously no way of actually marrying Nisar’s purposeful approach with Zamurrad’s semi-lunacy. But it was a reassuring week, nonetheless.

For as long as they both exist, we may yet do all right in the fight against terror, militancy and extremism.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Tainted love

ALL rise, the Court of Chaudhry is in session. Now prostrate yourself before the court and beg its forgiveness, for the CJ is nothing if not kind and benevolent. Sinners everywhere, repent!

How did it all go so wrong? The wheels have come off; the gavel of history is slowly coming crashing down on the sounding block; the heady days of 2007 seem light years away.

How bad is it? The last months of CJ Iftikhar may end up looking like the last months of Musharraf — a touch of irony that only the gods could have conjured up.

Arrogant, out of touch, lashing out, clueless, desperate — that was Musharraf in 2007-08. Fast forward to 2013 and, well, connect the obvious dots.

But let’s at least try and connect the immediate dots.

The Decider decided to wade into the election schedule kerfuffle for obvious reasons. To assert the pre-eminence and predominance of the court over all other institutions is an essential element of the judicial doctrine of the Court of Chaudhry.

Because an ECP which is its own boss and the final court of appeal in electoral matters is not compatible with the CJ’s scheme of things, intervention was near inevitable.

Intervention was hugely controversial, but for technical reasons, not substantive. After all, the election result was a foregone conclusion and the principal aggrieved party was the PPP — hardly a group that elicits much sympathy in the court of public and media opinion.

But then Khan decided to wade in, in his usual no-holds-barred and blunt style. That raised the stakes for the court because Khan is mega-wattage and when he lets loose with a rant, folk — in the media, among the public — tend to talk about it.

Niche controversy and criticism is something the court has accepted as the price of its activism. But when one populist takes on another, the controversy meter goes through the roof.

Something had to be done.

And where Khan taketh, he also tends to giveth: in the comments of Khan the court has latched onto, Khan has given the court its gotcha moment.

In the practice of contempt and its repercussions, there is an unwritten set of rules. Khan’s slashing, mocking comments are par for the course in the political arena, but the superior judiciary regards itself, and demands that it be treated, differently.

And, for reasons historical and political, there is an acceptance of these different rules — after all, the army and judiciary are constitutionally protected from certain, self-determined forms of criticism; protection that isn’t afforded to, say, the presidency, which is meant to be the symbol of the federation.

Mistake thus made by Khan, the court had its opening. This is where it gets interesting.

In hauling up Khan for possible contempt, the court has sent a message to its other, less-stellar critics: careful, guys, you could be next.

The chilling effect on unrestrained dissent is obvious. And in a country where restrained criticism is about as culturally useful and politically effective as a treatise on the separation of powers, the results are significant.

Remember, the court has accepted niche controversy and criticism as the price of its activism; it’s the much more volatile populist criticism that it is unwilling to accept — precisely because that could have the effect

of circumscribing judicial activism, and overreach.

As for Khan’s fate, the court can rely on sober opinion counselling Khan to stand down now that he’s caught in the judicial vice.

For much as the last months of CJ Iftikhar are coming to look like the last months of Musharraf, there is a critical difference: nobody actually wants to see CJ Iftikhar ousted.

Instead, rightly, the emphasis is on institutional damage wrought, even where the chief justice himself appears unconcerned about such quaint concerns.

So the narrow, informed, legalistic opinion has reverted to the unwritten rules about the practice of contempt and its repercussions.

Here the matter is relatively clear-cut: the accused of sorts usually makes an unqualified, unconditional, unreserved apology and throws himself at the mercy of the court. Or he mans up — and the court has evinced a peculiar interest in culturally defined manliness of late — and says no contempt has been committed.

Khan chose in court to apologise by way of explaining his intentions. It wasn’t contempt and it can’t be construed as contempt because I had absolutely no intention of committing contempt, Khan has said.

That won’t cut it and that’s what every lawyer worth his salt will tell Khan. In the days and weeks ahead, you will hear it over and over again from every lawyer who ventures before a camera or a microphone: an unqualified, unconditional, unreserved, no-ifs-and-buts apology is the only way out for Khan. That or he should accept his fate.

What’s more interesting is to look at it from the court’s perspective.

A most satisfying of trajectories has emerged. The dam of criticism that briefly looked like it could burst has been walled up again: by taking on Khan, the court has reminded everyone else of judicial red lines.

As for Khan, the court can rely on a legal consensus that is more scrupulous and dispassionate than perhaps the court itself: distinguish the individual from the institution, the advice will be, and the right thing to do will become obvious.

It’s up to Khan to choose what to do. Either way, however, the court has dragged matters back within the band of criticism that is acceptable to it.

If Khan apologises unconditionally and throws himself at the mercy of the court, it will be regarded as an honourable end to a messy affair.

If Khan stands by his claim and the court charges him, tries him, convicts him and then punishes him, say, till the rising of the bench, like it did with Gilani, the court will have had the last word and everyone else will be glad a line has been drawn under yet another unhappy judicial episode.

As ever, the Court of Chaudhry occupies the best of both worlds.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The anti-Zia

SOMETIMES, it’s the unrelated that have the most in common.

The Supreme Court fiddled around with an election schedule and the ISI was attacked in Sukkur. Two entirely separate episodes that can’t possibly have anything in common, right?

Wrong. There is a common thread, and that thread is religion. Or, more precisely, religiosity.

And if religiosity is a complex enough problem to begin with, what compounds the problem is that no one dare push back.

Start with the court. By now we know the decision to expedite the presidential election is terribly controversial. And the reason it is terribly controversial, according to lawyers and politicians who have spoken about it publicly, is that a) the court only heard the PML-N and b) it was a decision that was, ultimately, the ECP’s to take.

Except, not really.

The court has long ached to establish itself, à la Bush, as The Decider. If there’s a dispute on hand and a bit of the limelight to be had, the Court of Chaudhry wades in and let’s everyone know who’s boss. That’s the way things have been and that’s the way things will be, until December.

But it’s the line of argument the court has deployed so often — and there is now a list of judgements long enough to establish the pattern — that is more instructive, and worrisome.

Essentially, the court has ruled that our legislators’ right to spend Eid in their hometowns or to go on umrah this Eid or to choose to spend the last days of Ramazan in a thoroughly optional religious retreat is a fundamental right guaranteed under the Constitution.

And so fundamental are these newfangled rights of our legislators that they override the legislators’ constitutional duty to elect a president. This is, of course, absurd. The Constitution says no such thing.

Which is why the court made no attempt to explain its reasoning — there is no reasoning available that is legally or constitutionally tenable. But there is one line of reasoning that can be deployed that is immune to criticism: religion.

Listen carefully to what has been said in criticism of the court order. Folk have risked the gavel of contempt being brought down on them by publicly suggesting that the court has issued a political ruling.

But no one has dared challenge the quasi-logic of religiosity at the core of the judgement. The 27th of Ramazan isn’t a public holiday. The country functions normally, or as close to normal as Pakistan can function in Ramazan, on the day.

If everyone else has to work on the 27th of Ramazan every year, what is this fundamental right our elected representatives enjoy that allows them to skip work, ie electing a president, that will come up just once in their five-year terms?

And if our elected representatives do have a right to not work on the 27th of Ramazan this year, then surely the rest of us are entitled to that right every year.

Ever pity the poor sod who has to work in a hospital emergency room or in air-traffic control or in a war zone on Eid day itself? Well, they probably never thought of it, but in the Supreme Court may lie their salvation, or at least a bit of R&R over Eid.Or ever feel sorry for the guard who has to work at iftar time…

Which helpfully brings us to Sukkur and the attack on the ISI.

Here’s the scenario: a truck laden with explosives is wending — possibly speeding — its way through Sukkur towards its target in a so-called high-security zone; the truck’s passengers have their suicide vests strapped on and bags of grenades knocking together at their feet; and wingmen with guns are motoring alongside the truck on their bikes.

Quite the spectacle that may or may not get pulled over before it gets to its target on any given day. But if it’s iftar time, our little spectacle on wheels can be almost sure it won’t get pulled over. And that, when it arrives at its destination, no one will be ready to defend against it.

Why? Because it’s iftar and the ritual of breaking the fast, and breaking it as a group, trumps whatever training has been imparted, and even the instinct for self-preservation.

And nobody can say anything about it. At most, someone will trot up to a camera or microphone and berate the terrorists for not respecting the unwritten code of iftar-time habits.

Few would dare question and absolutely no one would dare excoriate the men who were responsible for protecting themselves and others for failing at the very moment that the danger is the highest and is known to be the highest.

And that’s because sympathy for individuals who are trying to fulfil their religious obligations in the culturally appropriate way trumps everything else.

Everything else including possibly justified anger at what amounts to a dereliction of duty, or at the very least negligence, that allowed the militants to kill and maim and inflict yet another psychological blow on the country.

You see, they, the guards, were just trying to be good Muslims. No job in the world can take precedence over that. Even if it means some of them die. Even if it means others die.

Religiosity has taken over, and there’s nothing anyone can do about it. Well, maybe not nobody.

It took a Zia to get us here; it will take an anti-Zaia to walk us back. But an anti-Zia in this place, now, today?

May as well take the 27th off and have a hearty iftar: the wait will be a long one.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Carefree in Karak

IT’S the outrage against the outrage that is, if you will, a little outrageous.

A bunch of mullahs sitting around decide that the occasional woman walking around in public offends them. Par for the course, really. But it’s Ramazan and folk try their luck.

If you’re a mullah and women walking around in public offends you, why the hell not? Piousness is at its peak and, who knows, maybe no one will push back.

So you and your bearded buddies come up with an edict and decide to try and get it implemented. The media reports on it and, oh no, it becomes a scandal and your loopy plan gets beaten back by a sea of righteous outrage.

So the women of Karak are now free to roam around and do all the un-Islamic things that you, the well-intentioned mullah, tried to prevent them from doing, right?

If only.

In a day or two, a week at most, the next outrage will arrive and the righteous outrage will move on, a new cause to champion and get all excited about.

Hey look, the haters are hating on Malala again. We love you Malala! You’re our hero! Chin up, girl!

Oh, some girls were buried alive in some remote corner of Pakistan that even Google Maps can’t locate. Disgusting! What a monstrous, terrible people! Why can’t people respect the Constitution! Down with tribal backwardness!

Some kids are burned to death in a thoroughly avoidable accident or a few others are sold off to settle some dispute? Justice for the victims! Punishment for the monsters!

But let’s, hypothetically, return to Karak.

The rogue who dreamt up his scheme of banishing women from the public space is pondering what went wrong. Did he and his buddies jump the gun? Was their PR bad? Did they need to do some more homework first?

If he is clever — and he could just be — the rogue mullah will figure out one of two things. To begin with, it was the district administration’s fault. The mullah and his buddies tried to play nice and do the right thing. They went to the local administration and asked them to cooperate in enforcing the ban.

So next time, work on the district administration first. Either wait for a fellow believer to come along as the in-charge of Karak’s local administration or lobby for one to be drafted in — after all, a conservative belt needs a conservative administrator.

Or our rogue mullah could be the impatient sort and opt for the obvious: enforce the ban himself.

Karak is a small place and the markets few. The mullah and his buddies can always print a few pamphlets, turn up at shops that cater to women and at the homes of offending women, and politely, of course, lobby for change.

It’s easy to be polite when you’re with your buddies and you guys have a few sticks handy. Your message is usually well received.

In our hypothetical Karak and the immediate outrage, what matters are three things: time, the make-up of the state, and vigilantism. The mullah has all three going in his favour.

One, the mullah has time to tweak strategy and dream up new ideas. Crucially, while the mullah is dreaming up new ways to reshape society, no one else is thinking of ways to thwart him.

It is in many ways the perfect one-sided contest. The mullah dreams up new perversions and the anti-mullah fringe in society pushes back. But only the mullah is working on how to reshape society — his opponents are fighting episodic, and fleeting, battles. The mullah sees the forest, his opponents are battling individual trees.

Two, the mullah has allies in the state apparatus. The good folk in the local administration were decent enough to listen patiently to the mullahs’ request and then politely turn them away. That is as good as it gets.

Imagine a more ridiculous hypothetical scenario. A group of women clad in what the average woman wears while out shopping in Zamzama, Liberty or Jinnah Super turn up at the Karak local administrator’s office and demand that their right to shop unmolested in Karak’s bazaars be protected.

They may — may — be treated with equal good humour and patience as the mullahs were, but it’s not hard to guess what would be said about the women the moment they turn their backs.

The women would be, well, stuff unfit to be printed in a family newspaper. The mullahs, meanwhile, are misguided zealots at best, family men who take the man part of that phrase more seriously than the family bit.

Three, the mullah has vigilantism as an option. If matters have unravelled in our hypothetical Karak to the point that violence is an option, then: a few women roughed up, a few shopkeepers’ heads cracked open, and mission accomplished.

If not, a quieter war can be waged. Threats, intimidation, the local mosque’s loudspeaker used to broadcast the message — people will get it, sooner or later. Women will eventually disappear from our hypothetical Karak’s marketplace.

Our mullah in Karak may be a bigot, misogynist and possibly a misanthrope too — but to focus on him is to miss the point. The mullah is what he is and does what he does because he is a creature of his circumstances, a product of his environment.

Change the context, change the environment, change the state’s orientation, and the mullah can be returned to his status of old: a quirky local figure who has some ritualistic significance, but no real power or influence.

Leave things as they are, though, and the mullah will eventually show us what power and influence in his hands can achieve. And not just in Karak.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Belling the cat

FORGET for whom the bell tolls. We already know: for all of us. More pertinent: who will bell the cat?

Pasha’s testimony before the OBL commission has simplified matters. The army cannot, will not, submit to civilian supremacy. The civilians are corrupt, incompetent, unpatriotic and dumb. The army is well intentioned and, more to the point, knows what’s best, for all of us.

So now what?

Conferences, summits, consultations, moots, strategy, tactics, operational expediencies — it’s all a waste of time, really. Who, in God’s name, will bell the cat?

Nawaz has been cautious. He knows it’s down to him, but he’s not ready to pull the trigger yet.

So the boys have had it all their way so far. They want to own Afghanistan? Let them. They want to pound Tirah? Go ahead. They want to chuck foreign journos out? So be it. They want to wield a soft veto on India? Whatever. They’re OK with drones, but want others to hate them? Sure.

For now. The problem is, the longer Nawaz waits, the more he becomes hostage to circumstances.

The OBL report leak helped make that point. Maybe — probably — someone sold it for a tidy sum. But will they, the boys, ever really believe that?

With your conspiracy hat on, the possibilities are obvious: either the PML-N did it to embarrass the boys or the PPP threw an early curveball.

Plumb the depths of conspiracy and the missing page suggests another possibility: some of the boys did it themselves, perhaps to head off the possibility of yet another term for Gen K.

It doesn’t matter what’s real and what isn’t: as Pasha so arrogantly demonstrated, a belief is a belief is a belief, the facts be damned.

The problem, then, for Nawaz is that in waiting for the right window of opportunity, many other, wrong windows can, and probably will, open first.

What, for example, are the risks of waiting until Nov, when a new chief could mean, in Nawaz’s mind, a new opportunity to reset ties? June to Nov is, after all, just a few months of a five-year term; why hurry?

Because stuff, events, tends to happen here. Like the OBL report leak.

Before you know it, you’re in fire-fighting mode and the great strategic things you may have wanted to work on become more and more elusive.

Wait till Nov on India, for example, and it means the Indians will be about to plunge into their election campaign.

But there has been some movement this week and it looks like Nawaz has zeroed in on two goals: intel sharing and police reforms.

The first goes to the heart of the civ-mil imbalance. The second is the Trojan horse or analgesic, depending on your point of view, necessary to get the first job done.

Again, Pasha’s testimony helps illustrate the point. From para 469:

“With regard to sharing information with the police, the concern was one of the need for confidentiality. There were too many instances where information shared with the police had been compromised. Accordingly, the ISI preferred to act alone. It was important that the Internal Security and Counter Terrorism Wings of the ISI be granted powers of arrest. Similarly the Police needed to be restructured and made a professional force based on merit.”

The only point that matters is “the ISI preferred to act alone”. It’s the only point that matters because Pasha — and let’s not pretend his are the views of an individual — tells us what he ultimately wants: more power for his agency.

But, because the boys are smart, they don’t say it directly. That would be bad form. Instead, they blame the alternative for not being up to scratch. The police is corrupt, incompetent and politicised, as are the civilian intel agencies, Pasha tell us.

Since we can’t wait to have an honest, competent and depoliticised police and civilian intel apparatus — can’t wait because the threat from terrorism is clear and present — the ISI should formally be given the powers it has arrogated to itself anyway, Pasha explains.

Clever, isn’t it?

Nawaz’s one-two is meant to corner the clever ones.

Boys, the PM is saying, this business of intel sharing and coordination has to be figured out. You know it, I know it, everybody knows it. And I understand your concerns about the other folk not being up to scratch, so I’m going to work on that, too.

Intel coordination made possible by the Trojan Horse/analgesic of police and civilian intel reforms. Can it work? Possibly.

But it depends, ultimately, on how much resistance the army will put up. And how much resistance is put up depends on how the army ultimately sees its role inside Pakistan, which takes us back to the civ-mil imbalance and the question of, who will bell the cat?

Or perhaps, will the cat allow itself to be belled?

For the ISI’s predominance in the intel arena is the very tool through which the lopsided civilian-military balance is engineered. Take that away and you’re in an entirely different world of relations between institutions.

There is a possibility the army may relent. A core national interest — domestic stability — is under threat in a way that the army alone cannot fix. So circumstances may force the army to reconsider its prerogatives in the greater national interest, or even just institutional survival — the army itself being a direct and systematic target of militancy, terrorism and extremism.

But it is only a possibility. Pasha’s contempt for civilians could be where the matter actually rests.

And if that’s the case, who in God’s name will bell that cat? Godspeed, Nawaz.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Our turn next?

IT will, it won’t. It will. It won’t. Predict the doomsday scenario and you’re the gloomy chap who refuses to accept the glass is filling up. Plump for stability and you’re the schmuck who didn’t see the freight train coming.

Something strange has happened. Militancy aside — and yes, that’s a big, big aside — stability, democratic, political stability, seems to have broken out in Pakistan. Just as the world around us appears to be collapsing in on itself.

Two years ago, everybody agreed the Arab Spring wasn’t possible here. For who would it be against? Pakistan has a pretty decent track record of chucking out its dictators and autocrats and fools. No inspiration needed there, thank you very much.

As if to prove the point, Tahirul Qadri arrived on the scene — and failed spectacularly. But then Turkey happens, Brazil too and now Egypt again, and the question has shifted, slightly but meaningfully.

What happens if a system inches towards institutional stability — as Pakistan’s is — but it occurs at a speed too slow to overtake the people’s unhappiness with the system?

If it’s possible to agree that the system here is failing more people than it is aiding, even if there is now some improvement in the system, could it already be too late to prevent an explosion?

After all, the key ingredient is already present: a divided people. Urban and rural, the Land Cruiser cohort versus the torn-slippers segment, the true believers and the culturally religious, the regionalists and the centralists, the jihadists versus the materialists.

Added to that are two other, significant problems. One, nobody knows the proportions of the divisions.

Yes, there are rich and poor, happy and unhappy, militancy sympathisers and believers in a strong state, people with options in life and those with none — but how many of each?

Proportions matter to those terrible but useful clichés: tipping points and critical mass. The point was somewhat messily illustrated in Balochistan during the elections. The first election in which the moderates tested the electoral waters since insurgency gripped the province was the first real test of where the public’s sympathies lie.

A solid mandate for the moderates and it would have meant all is not lost in the province. A drubbing for the moderates and it would have meant the people had turned their backs on the idea of Pakistan.

In the end, it was hard to be sure which way the electorate had voted, so opaque and messy were the elections in swathes of the Baloch areas. But there were hints that the moderates have lost ground.

So what’s the proportion of grudging separatists and still-believing nationalists? Is the game up in Balochistan already? Who knows. But it sure doesn’t look good.

Problem No 2: the folk in-charge aren’t sure either who fits where in the wagon wheel of national divisions, and they have even less of a clue what to do about it.

A political leadership that doesn’t truly understand the society it represents and an army leadership insulated from the effects of its manipulations of society makes for a pretty disconnected decision-making grid.

The silliness over talks with the TTP exemplifies the problem. There may be, and probably are, other reasons for the PML-N and Imran Khan to preach reconciliation with the irreconcilable, but plain ignorance is too obvious a candidate to ignore.

The Sharifs know Punjab and the perils that stalk it, and long ago they made the decision to co-opt those threats. But would Nawaz be able to tell a Hakeemullah from a Baitullah or a Fazlullah from a Mangal Bagh?

And while the PML-N sat in the opposition in Islamabad the past five years, parliament is entirely out of the loop on how, for example, Fata radiates trouble into Afghanistan and Pakistan proper.

Pakistan is a very different country to the one Sharif led in ’99.

Imran’s case is even worse. He’s never actually had to deal with anything. The closest thing he’s received to an education on present-day Pakistan is the much-alleged schooling on politics from Gen Pasha. The rest Khan has had to make up himself, and, as another cliché goes, a little education can be a dangerous thing, particularly if it’s self-taught.

If they, the pols, don’t know or understand the threat, how do they respond effectively to it?

Forget militancy, the pols don’t even really understand the electorate that votes for them: the PML-N was surprised by the margin of its victory in Punjab; the PTI had talked down its chances in KP.

They will: the people will erupt. They won’t: the safety valves are too many, the tipping point too far off.

Every time there is a power riot, it blows over quickly enough. Dead Shias in January and February meant countrywide protests, but Shias are still dying and the living haven’t massed in the hundreds of thousands to protest.

An unjust and unfair tax system is perpetuated in the budget, people grumble into microphones at the petrol station and in the local bazaar, and that’s about it. The fired-up Khanistas believe an election was stolen from them, but soon enough they shrugged and got on with their lives.

And yet, nothing is truly well. Roam the country, watch TV, scan your SMS, surf the web — there’s so much anger and discontent out there. For reasons good and bad, for reasons many and singular, for reasons real and perceived, it’s out there and it’s very real.

And maybe one day, it — they, them, a rainbow coalition or a mishmash, the few, the many or the all — may decide enough is enough.

And if that day comes, it will seem obvious that it would come eventually. People will nod and say, yes, this was inevitable.

Equally obvious: no one will know what to do about any of it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The missing PM

ANYONE seen him around? Sixty-plus, portly, formerly bald? Won an unexpectedly solid mandate a few weeks ago? Sharif? Nawaz? Where is he? The prime minister has pulled a disappearing act. And left behind is a stuttering, directionless government that, like many before it, seems to think talk is action.

It began with the budget. Forget sand, this was a line drawn in water — the government believing it could invent whatever numbers it wanted because the IMF wouldn’t push very hard in the end.

And as if to reinforce the belief that the IMF wouldn’t push very hard in the end, the Taliban got their office in Doha and the boys here broke out the halal champagne to celebrate their triumph.

Five, ten, fifteen billion to prop up an ailing Pakistani economy in return for bringing the Afghan Taliban to the negotiating table? Surely, yes.

So Dar gave us the ridiculous exercise of a budget of made-up numbers — and it took just 36 hours for the first fiction to manifest itself.

Good idea/bad idea, smart move, dumb move, once Dar decided against giving federal employees an increment, he needed to stand his ground. That, after all, was the only way to demonstrate the government is serious about the business of putting its fiscal house in order.

But to cave so early on a measure so small in the larger scheme of things — the sharks circling instantly knew what it meant: there is no will for reform.

And if the will is lacking, so is the vision: Dar opted to spur growth by pumping money into the usual project-oriented development budget instead of getting the state out of the state of over-regulation it has found itself in.

Budget, fail. And through it all, Sharif was missing.

(When your multi-million-dollar watch is a bigger talking point than anything you’ve said during your first budget cycle, you know something’s not right, and probably very wrong.)

India was supposed to be the big foreign-policy breakthrough Sharif would work on — and work on soon. And that meant dealing with the boys too.

The Indians have long wanted two gestures to help them move on from Mumbai: wrap up the trial in the Pindi ATC of those implicated in the Mumbai attacks, and muzzle Hafiz Saeed and ilk a bit.

Sharif bought into that idea and suggested speeding up the trial. Sorry, that currently isn’t possible, the boys demurred. And that was that.

On the US, the Sharif camp is selling the line that the PM is taking personal interest in sustaining the relationship. Swell idea. But let’s see how that’s working out.

SRAP Dobbins visits Pakistan and he’s told he’ll only be seeing Sartaj. Then Sharif decides to join the meeting — something the N-League is bandying as a sign of a hands-on PM. In the world of diplomacy, though, it’s just a sign of no coordination and little preparation.

But the real kicker is what happened next: Gen K also decided to join. And it was the government that had to relay to the Americans the second addition to a meeting the government had earlier insisted it wanted to keep one-on-one. Egg, face.

Real embarrassment, though, had already been delivered. In the wake of Doha, the Foreign Office put out a smug, self-congratulatory statement that made the eyes water.

Why was Sharif’s Foreign Office claiming credit for a long-running process that he couldn’t possibly have had anything to do with all these years while sitting in the opposition? Why not just ask the boys to use the ISPR to put out their smug, self-congratulatory message?

So much for the PM-as-FM-and-DefMin idea getting off to a good start.

Epitomising Sharif not putting a foot wrong between the election and government-formation and not putting a foot right since government-formation is Balochistan.

The de facto PM Nisar has been busy snarling and growling about all manner of security and intelligence failures in the province. But where’s the action? Why not sack the IGFC Balochistan or the ISI sector in-charge, the principal operational drivers of security policy in the province?

On and on, and on, the list goes.

Are we talking to the TTP or preparing to fight them? Is the power sector being fixed at the cost of creating a new class of super rich? How will the country’s drift towards international isolation be slowed, let alone reversed?

The one question that Sharif has attempted a half-hearted answer to is Musharraf. But he had little choice: the budget session was ending and the Supreme Court had asked the government what it intends to do with Musharraf. Sharif had to speak.

So what has happened to Sharif? When on the rare occasion he has been seen and on the even rarer occasion he has been heard, he looks like he has the weight of the world on his shoulders.

Never a great orator or particularly animated to begin with, Sharif appears listless and enervated. His own party is worried — and even more worried that they have no real answers to why he’s disappeared on them.

Could this be the beginning of a replay of May 2008 to Oct 2011, when the PML-N slept through the first three years of the last assemblies before Khan jolted Sharif into action?

Maybe, maybe not.

But it’s another reason to want Khan back to his nagging and taunting best — and soon. Khan appears to be only man on earth who can goad Sharif and the PML-N into action.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The new Bonn

SWEET is the taste of victory. We, the boys, had told them, the Americans, to forget about winning and listen to us: give Kandahar its due.

Hold your nose while you shake their hand if you must, we, the boys, said to them, the Americans, but it’s the only way out. And so it has come to pass.

Doha may yet become our Bonn circa 2001 but the boys swear it will be different: the Taliban aren’t the Taliban of ’96 and we get that 2013 isn’t 1996.

What does that mean?

It means, the boys claim, that they understand better than anyone else that a Taliban-ruled Afghanistan would be bad news for Pakistan’s stability. And if a Taliban-ruled Afghanistan is to re-emerge, the boys suggest, the Taliban now know and accept that they will have to play nice with the world this time.

Work through that again.

Taliban rule equals bad news for Pakistan — which is why we don’t want it. But Taliban rule, if it does reappear, may not be so bad after all — which is why we, and the rest of the world, could learn to live with it.

National security on a wing and a prayer — at least some things don’t change.

No, no, you civilians just don’t get the nuances, the boys say. A seat at the table, even the seat of honour, doesn’t mean the country is being handed over to the Taliban. They will have to learn to accept they can’t rule by themselves, and if they do end up ruling, they will have to behave themselves this time.

Says who, you, the irrelevant civilian, may wonder. Trust us, the boys will reply, we know what we’re doing.

Trust us — there’s another thing that hasn’t changed.

Push harder and the question is reversed: what’s the alternative?

It’s an excellent question actually, one with no obvious answer. No obvious answer, that is, until you revert to basics.

We, Pakistan, the boys essentially, know the problems the Afghan Taliban could create for us, but are willing to take that risk because we know the problems that India will create for us if the Taliban-Pakhtun are sidelined in the Afghan scheme of things.

On that duality turns everything.

Imagine if it were turned on its head: we, Pakistan, know the problems the Indians could create for us, but are willing to take that risk because we know the problems the Afghan Taliban will create for us if given a significant role in the Afghan scheme of things.

That would be a very different Pakistan, an imagined Pakistan, a Pakistan where national security and foreign policy are the purview and prerogative of the civilians.

Since we aren’t in that Pakistan, the only assumptions and fundamentals and basics that matter are of the boys, and that is that.

Except it isn’t because what happens in Afghanistan gets heard about in Pakistan, and so we’re back to that most confounding of questions: why, exactly, is it a good idea to talk to one but whack the other? The Afghan Taliban and Pakistan Taliban, that is.

No, no, no, that’s not the same thing, they’re entirely different, it’s apples and oranges, they’re entirely different, it’s not the same thing, no, no, no.

But, for an army long used to peddling simple, nay simplistic, narratives, this is a complicated sell.

The TTP are thugs and criminals, we are told. The TTP are just about violence and mayhem, we are reminded. The TTP has no political agenda, no ideology, we are educated.

Don’t they, though?

The TTP wants to overthrow the Pakistani state through violence and install themselves as rulers who will rule according to the Islamic rules they believe in.

Sounds pretty damn political.

Sure, the TTP may not have an economic policy and a shadow finance minister, but then, it’s not like our parliament is highly evolved on that front either.

And sure, the TTP may not have a spiritual leader or a group of advisers who know how to run a reasonably developed state like Pakistan, but, umm, did Mullah Omar and his buddies have much of that when they set out from Kandahar all those years ago?

The simple, nay simplistic, narrative really has more similarities than differences between the TTP and the Afghan Taliban.

Fighting in the name of Islam? Check. Fighting the godless West and its corrupt allies at home? Check. Peace and security and quick justice? Check. Fighting in the name of Islam? Check.

That bit — fighting in the name of Islam — is key. It’s why the Pakistani street will want petty thieves hanged but a Mumtaz Qadri released. It’s why Lal Masjid’s arms mattered little and the soldiers killed there forgotten, but the Lal Masjid victims venerated and mourned.

Cloak yourself in Islam and no one will want you dead, even if you’re busy killing a bunch of people. Which is why the fight against militancy, the war on the TTP, is such a hard sell here: ultimately, there’s the Islam argument and you just can’t win against it — especially if you’re supporting the Islam argument next door.

Talk to one but whack the other — the boys here know the contradictions and accept them as the price of protecting their core interests.

But those contradictions exact a price on all of us. Doha could be the new Bonn — and this time, it may not take a decade for its flawed logic to strike.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Sharif and the boys

GOOD idea, bad idea; should have done it/ shouldn’t have done it; old Nawaz, new Nawaz — everyone’s got an opinion, but why has Sharif kept the foreign and defence portfolios for himself?

It may not quite add up to a Churchillian riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma, but neither is the thinking the easiest to pin down.

Sometimes, it helps to start by working in reverse. If Sharif had decided to appoint a foreign and a defence minister, who could he have picked?

Start with foreign. Other than Sartaj, the N-League doesn’t have much to choose from within its ranks. Nisar could have been an option but his ambitions are too well known, his camp within the party too abrasive to make rival mini-power centres comfortable with the Pindi-wala having such a high-profile slot.

Ahsan Iqbal has engaged the outside world and represented his party well but foreign policy isn’t his forte. Khurram Dastagir is young, smart and hungry but Sharif has judged him not quite ready for prime time yet — and if Sharif had, Khurram would probably have been better deployed on the electricity or energy fronts.

Take a handful of other names and the answer is the same: there’s no one in the PML-N who stands out as a logical foreign minister.

Defence is even worse. While the party is chock-full of folk close to the army, it doesn’t really have anyone who can work to bring the army to heel.

Little, then, to choose from on the foreign and defence fronts for Sharif. Fair enough, but this is Sharif and the portfolios too significant to be about personnel shortages.

Surely, Mian sahib has something in mind. But what exactly? Here the theories break down into defensive and offensive modes.

The defensive theory is that Sharif doesn’t want to rock the boat. Keep the transition to democracy on track by sniffing out grenades before they detonate. The PM-as-FM/DefM means the boys will have to think twice before foisting off security-state spiel as foreign- and defence-ministry speak.

The offensive theory is that Sharif has something up his sleeve, on India, perhaps Afghanistan and maybe even the US. By keeping the ministerial interface for himself, Sharif can push his vision, control the negotiations and keep the initiative. Foreign and defence ministers have a funny habit of drifting towards the army line if a tug of war erupts.

So far, so interesting — but not that much. A conservative approach to an old problem that may or may not work is hardly the kind of stuff to get very excited about.

But then the more exotic theories come tumbling out. What if Sharif’s move is just a temporary one? Say, until Nov when a certain Gen K retires?

That is an infinitely more interesting, and worrying, theory. For if the PM-as-FM/DefM is linked to Gen K as chief, what exactly is Sharif worried about?

And even if, for argument’s sake, Sharif has nothing really to worry about, the possibility that he could be worried is worrying enough. For from fear can come bad decisions — from both sides.

Already the whispers have begun, the boys having allegedly conveyed their desire for a go-slow approach on India — not quite an outright veto of Sharif’s ambitions but advice that may be hard to ignore. More will be suggested in the weeks ahead, not least on Afghanistan and the US.

And the US epitomises the reciprocal nature of the suspicions: segments of the PML-N remain convinced that Gen K being someone the Americans think they can do business with, the Americans have indicated a preference for letting him stay in place and deliver on what he has promised.

Does that mean a career post-Nov for Gen K? Some in the N-League aren’t willing to rule out the possibility of the party being asked to consider it — precisely the kind of conspiracy- and suspicion-fuelled speculation that tends to complicate the already complicated.

For now, the go-slow, be-careful, don’t-do-anything-sudden camp in the PML-N, epitomised by Sartaj, appears to be in the ascendant.

Theirs is a counsel of patience, of suggesting that the civ-mil imbalance is a generational struggle and that defanging and declawing must follow domesticating the beast, not precede it — essentially, winning by stealth.

But the other camp — perhaps because they believe it, possibly because it’s what they think Nawaz wants to hear — believes a harder line is needed, and needed soon.

Gen K, Gen X, Gen Y, what difference does it make, they ask. The army’s institutional interests are hardwired into the boys and Sharif’s vision is diametrically opposed to those interests.

So better to demand obedience and compliance directly than to pussyfoot around and, say, try to placate the boys on trade with India only to find another Mumbai unravelling everything.

What complicates trying to figure which path Nawaz will walk is that he hasn’t said much — even to folk within the party. It’s not as if he has much depth or quality of thinking on this issue inside the party to engage anyway — if he did, it wouldn’t have been difficult to find a foreign and defence minister to begin with.

So, offence or defence, go slow or go hard, wait or pounce, and how to do any of that — even by the standards of it being lonely at the top, Nawaz is a man alone.

Man against mountain — one man alone could be enough. Man against a moving, thinking, scheming target: he sure as hell better know what he’s doing.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Team N takes centre stage

CALL it Shargasm. Everyone seems to be having one.

Did you see what Sharif did in Balochistan? Unbelievable. Get a load of Sharif’s sangfroid? Superstar. Can Sharif be the man to fix Pakistan? Believe. Everyone’s gone a bit Noon-ie it seems.

The why is easy enough to figure out: the land of perma-crisis threw up an unexpected and pleasant surprise — a stable mandate for a man who’s walked part of the talk already.

Long battered by crisis but now blown over by the tendrils of statesmanship, the Sharif love fest is hard to begrudge. Let him have his honeymoon period — though this being us, an emotional lot, it’s almost as if we were there on the wedding night.

Still, wanting to fix something and actually being able to fix it are two very different things — and the Sharif camp knows it.

Happenstance can be a funny thing. Hours before he was sworn in as one of the big boys, a Sharif loyalist was to be found all by himself, lost to the world. Was he asleep in his chair, head bowed on the table before him, enjoying a siesta? That would be a troubling metaphor.

No, no, he swore, he was just lost in thought. What about? I heard them talking on TV about us inheriting a crown of thorns, the loyalist said grimly.

Rambling being the best way to learn anything in this land of ours, a question came to mind: how did Sharif convince Zehri to relent in Balochistan?

You don’t even want to know what we had to do to get him on the plane, the loyalist said, referring to Zehri’s attendance at the Murree meeting where Abdul Malik was anointed the next CM of Balochistan.

Zehri had taken an oath from every assemblyman who won on a PML-N ticket in Balochistan — they would do what he said, not what the party asked, the minister-in-waiting explained.

So how did Sharif convince him? Don’t ask, the loyalist said, but let me tell you a story: when a few of us had gathered to discuss what the party should do in Balochistan, Zehri simply said, my father is Doda Khan Zehri, who is Malik’s father? The room went quiet, the loyalist continued, and a few of us just looked at each other.

Zehri, for the uninitiated, was essentially saying, I’m a sardar and Malik a wretched commoner.

Well good for Sharif that he prevailed on Zehri but you’re in line for a big job at the centre, how’s that looking?

I don’t even know which ministry I’ll be getting, the loyalist said. Surely not, everyone in town is talking about it. Nope, portfolios haven’t been discussed with us, the loyalist insisted.

OK, fine. But you guys had a pretty good idea it was your turn next, the party must have done some homework on what needs to be done in the different ministries, right?

Haan maybe some like Ishaq knew what they’d be handling but most of us didn’t, the loyalist said. There wasn’t much thought put into it or preparation.

And there it was — the gap between hope, hype and reality.

Perhaps one of the more unsettling things about this round of the N-League is that the party itself isn’t sure, even now, why it won by the margin it did.

You want the winner to know, to anticipate, to have a precise pulse of the electorate that elected it. Without that pulse, you can’t be sure which way to proceed.

Take electricity. Everyone agrees that the election was a referendum on electricity — but which part of the electricity sub-problem mattered most?

Say what? Pretend you’re Khwaja Asif for a minute and work through this.

Duh, you think, the near-total absence of electricity was the problem — get them, the people, electricity as quickly as possible.

So you rope in your buddy Mansha and other special interests and they present their elaborate plans. Great, boys, let’s do this, you as Khwaja Asif say.

Electricity starts to flow again but a funny thing happens: the price of electricity creeps upwards and the special interests grow fatter.

There’s no wanton corruption to speak of but the people are starting to grumble again — they have more electricity but they sure as hell can’t pay their inflated bills and why are these fat electricity cats growing fatter on our hard-earned incomes anyway?

The urgent fix — more electricity, now! — slowly exposes other parts of the electricity problem: cost and income distribution. You as Khwaja Asif thought you were in line for the Nishan-i-Pakistan but suddenly it looks like you’re headed the way of Raja Pervez.

Or more electricity, but to whom in the near term? For homes, to iron the kids’ school uniforms, or to business and industry to keep people employed?

Everyone lives at home and everyone needs a good night’s sleep, you as Khwaja Asif quite reasonably think, so you switch on more lights and fans at home and turn off the lights in factories and businesses.

Except you discover that families would rather have gainful employment than a good night’s sleep and uncreased school uniforms. The people are still pissed off and you as Khwaja Asif are bewildered by their reaction.

True, it’s a qualitatively different problem, going from the realm of utter ineptitude — essentially, the last five years — to one of trying and yet not necessarily succeeding. But it would still leave us with a pretty big problem.

Once the Shargasm fades, as it inevitably will, we may find Team N to be exactly what some have long feared it is: yes, it will roll up its sleeves, yes, it will get down to business, but maybe it still doesn’t quite know what goes where and how to make it all work.

A doer and trier, but not quite a winner yet.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

A new script

AND with it, perhaps now will start to die the conspiracy theories.

As parliament was sworn in, the normality of it all belied a fundamental shift: for the first time ever — and really, ever — a civilian parliament begins its term with the confidence that it will complete its term.

And before that, the election that produced this parliament was freer and fairer than most that have come before it. And before that, the election itself happened, on time, on schedule.

Neither of the chiefs intervened: not Gen K, not CJ Iftikhar. The US stayed clear and the Brits squeezed Altaf. The Taliban threatened, but didn’t quite wreak havoc — the low-level violence only serving to deny the public the undiluted rejection of the PPP and ANP.

And after the election, a mandate was born at the centre — and in Sindh, a chance at redemption; in KP, an opportunity. Balochistan was a black hole but Sharif’s equanimity has rescued some credibility for the un-credible elections there.

Why? How did the stars align so — reasonably promisingly instead of visions of the apocalypse?

Nobody knows, and perhaps nobody knows because there’s really no one pulling the strings anymore.

Ah, but there’s the PTI, still crying conspiracy, swearing an election was stolen from them, by the US, by the army, by the Sharifs. And there is Zardari, sullenly alluding to dark conspiracies by a new kind of establishment.

Except no one really believes them.

It helps that the Noon-ies are as surprised by their margin of victory as anyone else — conspirators tend to look either smug or defensive. Surprise is a more difficult emotion to fake.

If there is a hidden hand, it’s the hand of the people, of Pakistan itself, nudging the country towards something better, or at least a shot at something better.

But it’s hard to figure out why.

Was it always there, repressed, forced below the surface by a leadership too callow and selfish to let the people show them the way?

We don’t have the psephologist to explain, the historian to elucidate, the scientist to postulate. All we have is a hunch that it’s new, an urge to push on, upwards instead of in circles again.

Where did it come from? The forces were supposed to be centrifugal, the tendency towards disarray and confusion, the impulse towards passive gloom, the result implosion. A fractured, regionalised electorate was supposed to be the final nail, or just one or two short.

But the divisions are neat, and curiously enough, workable. Each gets to play in his own pen and the animus is at a minimum — the provincial devolution ensuring there are enough toys for everyone without necessarily looking at Big Brother Punjab with envy or resentment.

If the people are a mystery, and a pleasant one at that, the leadership is a bigger one. Finally, we have leaders who appear to mean what they say.

AZ, NS, Gen K, CJ Iftikhar — for five years, all pledged to let the democratic system run and let it lead to wherever the people wanted to take it. Other than Sharif, none seemed credible. And Sharif only seemed credible because it was his turn next.

But when his turn has come, Sharif hasn’t put a foot wrong. The campaign was dignified, the controversies few, the concessions to excess minimal. With victory under his belt, there has just been sombreness and seriousness.

Before that, Zardari didn’t try to steal the election. He thought he could buy it but when it looked like that wouldn’t work there was no crooked Plan B, no desperation or disruption.

The big X factor was supposed to be CJ Iftikhar. But after the RO phase and all the silliness over initial disqualifications, the superior judiciary just quietly went away.

The cries of rigging were a godsend for the X factor — grounds to stall the results and wade into the electoral arena. Centre stage beckoned. But nothing. Just silence, much to the chagrin of the aggrieved, some right, most wrong.

And Gen K, the chief-for-life, the sponsor of memogate and Tahirul Qadri, the man and the institution with the most to lose were Punjab’s most popular man to return to power — again, nothing.

Elections on time, the ISI kept under wraps in Punjab — which alone decides the country’s electoral destiny — and a chief ready to ride into the sunset.

Leaders who meant what they said. That will take some time to absorb.

The international establishment, led by the US and Britain in Pakistan?

The theory was they had too much to lose. The Afghan drawdown is around the corner, a dignified exit necessary. Pakistan looms as the Next Big Problem: Fata a hive of conspiracy against American interests; Punjab’s extremism a worry for Britain struggling with its own Muslim problem.

Pakistan was too important to be left to its own devices. The civ-mil imbalance too real and messy to not prefer one over the other or play favourites among the civilians.

But, again, nothing. There was no leverage to begin with, yes, no NRO-type deal to imagine and foist off, but there was no attempt to find some either.

Left to our devices to choose, by forces internal and external, and then choosing well, or at least clearly. It makes no sense, at least Pakistani sense.

Yes, the world hasn’t changed entirely, the transformation isn’t complete, the old order lingers, the challenges extant, disillusionment is likely — but it does feel like we need a new playbook altogether to understand this place. The folk trying to understand Pakistan have to catch up with the people who are Pakistan. And that’s not a bad thing at all.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

A new script

AND with it, perhaps now will start to die the conspiracy theories.

As parliament was sworn in, the normality of it all belied a fundamental shift: for the first time ever — and really, ever — a civilian parliament begins its term with the confidence that it will complete its term.

And before that, the election that produced this parliament was freer and fairer than most that have come before it. And before that, the election itself happened, on time, on schedule.

Neither of the chiefs intervened: not Gen K, not CJ Iftikhar. The US stayed clear and the Brits squeezed Altaf. The Taliban threatened, but didn’t quite wreak havoc — the low-level violence only serving to deny the public the undiluted rejection of the PPP and ANP.

And after the election, a mandate was born at the centre — and in Sindh, a chance at redemption; in KP, an opportunity. Balochistan was a black hole but Sharif’s equanimity has rescued some credibility for the un-credible elections there.

Why? How did the stars align so — reasonably promisingly instead of visions of the apocalypse?

Nobody knows, and perhaps nobody knows because there’s really no one pulling the strings anymore.

Ah, but there’s the PTI, still crying conspiracy, swearing an election was stolen from them, by the US, by the army, by the Sharifs. And there is Zardari, sullenly alluding to dark conspiracies by a new kind of establishment.

Except no one really believes them.

It helps that the Noon-ies are as surprised by their margin of victory as anyone else — conspirators tend to look either smug or defensive. Surprise is a more difficult emotion to fake.

If there is a hidden hand, it’s the hand of the people, of Pakistan itself, nudging the country towards something better, or at least a shot at something better.

But it’s hard to figure out why.

Was it always there, repressed, forced below the surface by a leadership too callow and selfish to let the people show them the way?

We don’t have the psephologist to explain, the historian to elucidate, the scientist to postulate. All we have is a hunch that it’s new, an urge to push on, upwards instead of in circles again.

Where did it come from? The forces were supposed to be centrifugal, the tendency towards disarray and confusion, the impulse towards passive gloom, the result implosion. A fractured, regionalised electorate was supposed to be the final nail, or just one or two short.

But the divisions are neat, and curiously enough, workable. Each gets to play in his own pen and the animus is at a minimum — the provincial devolution ensuring there are enough toys for everyone without necessarily looking at Big Brother Punjab with envy or resentment.

If the people are a mystery, and a pleasant one at that, the leadership is a bigger one. Finally, we have leaders who appear to mean what they say.

AZ, NS, Gen K, CJ Iftikhar — for five years, all pledged to let the democratic system run and let it lead to wherever the people wanted to take it. Other than Sharif, none seemed credible. And Sharif only seemed credible because it was his turn next.

But when his turn has come, Sharif hasn’t put a foot wrong. The campaign was dignified, the controversies few, the concessions to excess minimal. With victory under his belt, there has just been sombreness and seriousness.

Before that, Zardari didn’t try to steal the election. He thought he could buy it but when it looked like that wouldn’t work there was no crooked Plan B, no desperation or disruption.

The big X factor was supposed to be CJ Iftikhar. But after the RO phase and all the silliness over initial disqualifications, the superior judiciary just quietly went away.

The cries of rigging were a godsend for the X factor — grounds to stall the results and wade into the electoral arena. Centre stage beckoned. But nothing. Just silence, much to the chagrin of the aggrieved, some right, most wrong.

And Gen K, the chief-for-life, the sponsor of memogate and Tahirul Qadri, the man and the institution with the most to lose were Punjab’s most popular man to return to power — again, nothing.

Elections on time, the ISI kept under wraps in Punjab — which alone decides the country’s electoral destiny — and a chief ready to ride into the sunset.

Leaders who meant what they said. That will take some time to absorb.

The international establishment, led by the US and Britain in Pakistan?

The theory was they had too much to lose. The Afghan drawdown is around the corner, a dignified exit necessary. Pakistan looms as the Next Big Problem: Fata a hive of conspiracy against American interests; Punjab’s extremism a worry for Britain struggling with its own Muslim problem.

Pakistan was too important to be left to its own devices. The civ-mil imbalance too real and messy to not prefer one over the other or play favourites among the civilians.

But, again, nothing. There was no leverage to begin with, yes, no NRO-type deal to imagine and foist off, but there was no attempt to find some either.

Left to our devices to choose, by forces internal and external, and then choosing well, or at least clearly. It makes no sense, at least Pakistani sense.

Yes, the world hasn’t changed entirely, the transformation isn’t complete, the old order lingers, the challenges extant, disillusionment is likely — but it does feel like we need a new playbook altogether to understand this place. The folk trying to understand Pakistan have to catch up with the people who are Pakistan. And that’s not a bad thing at all.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Straight talk or double-talk?

ELECTIONS over, it’s time to get back to the real world. Jihad lives, the militants are strong and no one seems to have a clue what to do about any of it.

Gen K has been a busy chief the past month, speaking Janus-like to his troops and to the people. To the troops he has said, at ease, soldier, Islam is Pakistan and Pakistan is Islam. To the people, and the politicians who purport to lead them, he has said, it’s our war, get over it and get with the script.

Listen separately to his message to his two audiences and it comes across as some much-needed plain-speak. The troops — raised as they are on a diet of Islam, quasi-jihad and grandiose notions of the meaning and purpose of Pakistan — need to be told that Pakistan is Islam and Islam is Pakistan because the other option is: Taliban are Islam and Islam is Taliban.

That other option has the unhappy potential of unravelling the Pakistan project as defined and guarded by the boys. So best to try and reclaim Islam for the army, lest the rank and file get funny ideas about shifting their Mecca from GHQ to NWA, Muridke or Kandahar.

Good idea, then, the message to his boys? Sure, why not.

The people and their representatives — raised as they have been on a diet of conspiracy and stupidity — need to be told that it’s our war cause you can’t win this war without the people and their representatives solidly behind you.

Actually, you can’t even really fight this war if the people and their representatives keep drifting off, goldfish-like, in pursuit of wacky theories and ideas — ideas like sauntering up to the Taliban, peace pipe in hand, and convincing them to, y’know, just learn to get along with everybody.

Thumbs up for Gen K’s insight and clarity, then? Sure, why not. Two thumbs up.

The trouble is, both those messages, for the boys and for the people/their representatives, necessarily have to be public. Half a million troops, a hundred and eighty million people — you can’t exactly talk to them in secret.

And because both messages are public, both the intended audiences get to hear both the messages. That tends to screw things up.

For side-by-side what individually looks like plain-speak ends up looking a whole lot more like doublespeak.

For how do you possibly convince the boys, your rank and file, that you’re on the right side of Islam when you’re still imploring the wider public to reject those rejecting this war as unnecessary and against Muslims and Islam?

If you can’t convince the many, how do you convince the few?

And how do you convince the people and their feckless representatives to abandon their conspiracy theories and ingrained notions of what’s good and what’s bad when you can’t even convince those under your command of the absolute logic of your argument, of the rightness of your war?

If you can’t convince the few, how do you convince the many?

Forget for a minute the incredibleness of trying to convince your foot soldiers and the public of the merits of a war you’ve been fighting for a decade. We are after all a special nation; incredibleness becomes us.

Now in the twilight of his career, Gen K has gone out on a bit of a limb. He seems to get that a national conversation on militancy is needed — a less emotional, more rational conversation, that is. And having failed at goading the civilians into leading that conversation, he’s tried to instigate it himself.

But, as with most things army, the more you look at it, the more you can’t help but wonder: is that the best you’ve got?

Granted the conversation starter we really need is the one we’re least likely to get: hey everyone, Gen K could say in this hypothetical, removed-from-the-real-world world, jihad was a bad idea, non-state actors a misdirection and it’s time to clean up our own mess ourselves.

Go Pakistan, no Taliban — now there’s a bumper sticker or T-shirt we’re not going to see, soon or ever.

But how about: go on, give us some more — to the army?

Years as the head of the not-so-clandestine clandestine service, years more as chief and now, with the last grains of sand trickling down the hourglass of his career, all we’re still getting is tepidness.

Hemming and hawing, ifs and buts, arguments within arguments, different audience, different message, jihad lives but militancy bad, save us but we must save ourselves — it’s a step forwards, sure, especially given what’s come before, but zoom out a bit and it’s still a whole lot of depressing.

Were a genuine appeal buried inside all that public messaging by the chief — guys, you the people, their leaders, help us help ourselves, here, take the reins, fix this, fix us — it would be a moment to rejoice, to dance a little jig on the tilted field of civ-mil relations.

But the chief is still playing the Pied Piper of GHQ, leading us little rats around in circles, too confused to think and vulnerable as ever to being picked off by the enemy the army purports to defeat.

Sure, the constraints are real, the fears genuine, the concerns legitimate — if the Pied Piper marches too far ahead of his flock, he, and his flock, could end up in a bloodier entanglement.

But between Moses leading his people out of the wilderness and Jonah running in the opposite direction, there is much room for mere mortals to fall.

And let’s just say Gen K has much more to do before getting to the Moses side of things.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

End of the electables?

HURRAH for democracy. Not because of who won, but what won. Parties won.

Not ugly local politics, not dharrabandi, not thana-kutcheri, not the candidate who can ride his local network of support to victory on any ticket, in any election. Parties won.

N-League in Punjab, PTI in KP, PPP in Sindh. And had the nationalists in Balochistan tried to fight a tougher fight than the talk they talked, Balochistan too could have joined the club.

For the first time in a generation, arguably two, Pakistan has begun to reject the politics of Zia — an apolitical kind of politics in which people voted for local representatives, for electables, not parties.

Injected into the system by Ayub, it accelerated in the late ’70s with Zia’s local government elections and culminated in 1985’s party-less elections — a kind of politics where you went into the polling booth holding your nose instead of a party flag.

The whole point of Zia’s anti-politics was to make politics undesirable — a void to be filled by religion, technocrats and straw men masquerading as politicians. The real politician was everyone’s favourite Aunt Sally, an under-siege figure on whom contempt and scorn was heaped.

Zia’s anti-politics was doubly pernicious because it pushed back against the ZAB-inspired political awakening of the ’60s, ensuring that party platforms were a distant consideration of the voter.

Instead, the voter’s focus was returned to the parochial: what his constituency politician could do for him and how well his representative was plugged into the state to help get the voter what he needed — the ugly politics of thana-kutcheri, biraderism and patronage.

The first glimpses of the voter’s rejection of anti-politics came in the 2008 election when Musharraf’s cabinet was scattered like ninepins: a very deliberate rebuke by the electorate of Musharraf policies expressed through the systematic rejection of strong Q-League candidates who had worked the levers of patronage hard to try and keep voters happy. But the BB assassination factor made it difficult to know what part was emotion and what part savvy, evolved voting.

This time round it’s a lot clearer.

The annihilation of the PPP in Punjab was the voter saying thanks but no thanks to the party’s ugly politics of impoverishment. Here, take a thousand rupees a month and be grateful, the PPP essentially said to the voter. On May 11, the voter shot back: thanks for the pocket change but let’s talk about inflation, joblessness, electricity and gas.

So far, so good — disastrous incumbency should be punished heavily.

It’s the other half of the voter’s response, though, that is especially interesting.

Instead of lapsing back into the politics of patronage, going local and flocking to the constituency politician, the electable, who can offer some protection against the state and economic winds, the voter took a leap of faith — towards one party. The PPP’s failures were not a failure of politics, the voter has said, they were the failures of a party.

Had the voter judged the PPP’s failures to be a failure of politics, Punjab could have split between the N-League, PTI and the detritus of the PML-Q and PPP — for each of the smaller parties had enough electables to squeeze out a dozen or two seats.

Electables, the very embodiment of anti-politics, are not done yet, as more than a handful of independents elected from Punjab suggests. But they do appear to be a dying breed.

And the quicker they disappear, the stronger will democracy be, for political mercenaries as public representatives, always hunting for the best deal, the best ticket, and always trying to manipulate power structures at the local level to keep voters beholden to them — that is the very essence of anti-politics.

But to guarantee extinction of the electables, the voter can only do so much — ultimately, it’s down to the parties themselves.

Deliberately targeting Musharraf’s ministers in 2008; picking off PPP heavyweights outside Sindh in 2013 while surging towards the N-League in Punjab and PTI in KP — the electorate has expressed its preference for stable party politics.

Unhappily, the parties themselves have yet to learn such bravery.

The PTI tried hardest but Imran eventually conceded too much — though, because many of the ugliest concessions to electables were in Punjab, the success in KP can still be cast somewhat as a rejection of old-school politics.

The PML-N, spoiled for choice in the end, made some unpleasant, and unnecessary, decisions. Akhtar Rasool is a name that has left many squeamish, he being the ultimate embodiment of an opportunist politician.

A charitable explanation for the PML-N flinging its doors open to electables could be that many were only returning to the party fold, having been broken by Musharraf and the Chaudhrys and carted off to the PML-Q.

N-Leaguers will also leap to point out that the Q-League Likeminded faction and the unification bloc in the last Punjab Assembly were ultimately shafted by the party when tickets were handed out.

But in the end, the N-League did give significant weightage to personal electability instead of focusing on a loyal party cadre that, whether individually weak or strong, could be carried to victory by a wave of support for the PML-N.

Why? Most obviously: the party was looking over its shoulders at the PTI.

Once elected, electables demand their pound of flesh — through state contracts, through the police, through land appropriation, through government ministries and departments.

After all, the electable promised his voter and his political network some of the spoils and victory means having to deliver on at least some of those promises.

Though, because the N-League’s victory in Punjab was so commanding, the distortionary effect of electables will be tempered this time.

The thing is, voters appear ready for so much more — to bury the politics of electables for the proper politics of parties. Will the parties themselves catch up? We have five years to find out.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Welcome to the victory party

LAHORE: A little past 9pm outside the Sharif campaign headquarters in Model Town, as jubilant, flag-waving supporters begin to arrive in droves, an architect of the PML-N’s campaign says, “Welcome to the victory party.”

Inside, the Sharifs, Nawaz, Maryam and other family members, are keeping a watchful eye on TV as early results pour in. Senior PML-N leaders are milling around, constantly checking their phones for updates from the field.

Nawaz himself is in a cautious mood, still refusing to be drawn into speculation about how many seats his party can win but hammering away at his line that the country needs a clear majority to address the serious problems that confront it.

“I’ve said all along, whichever party wins, it needs to have a clear majority. It’s not about me or about any party,” Sharif says.

The ostensible prime minister-elect, though, cannot hide his irritation at what he sees as the PML-N being pegged back by a joint PTI-PPP barrage.

“Both of these parties have attacked us. Look at what that lady Firdous Ashiq Awan did just to try and undermine a big leader of ours, Khwaja Asif,” Sharif complains, referring to the PPP’s Awan withdrawing her candidacy in Sialkot city against Asif in a reciprocal deal with the PTI hours before voting began.

“Look at the power crisis,” Sharif continues. “Imran Khan says that the power crisis isn’t Zardari’s fault. If it isn’t Zardari’s fault then whose fault is it?” an incredulous Sharif asks.

As the minutes tick by, however, and results begin to show a decisive swing towards the PML-N, Sharif’s demeanour changes.

When handed a note informing him that unofficial results have him winning his National Assembly contest in Sargodha, Sharif breaks into a smile.

Nearby, Pervez Rasheed, a PML-N senator and a close Sharif confidant, offers his own assessment of the election. “The spoilers have done their bit. There is no wave,” Rasheed says with a wry smile. “The spoilers did what was needed of them,” Rasheed says of the PTI.

In Maryam Nawaz’s estimation, the PTI challenge originated from the dismal performance of the PPP-led federal government.

“If, as you say, we were given a scare, I’d say the reason is the PPP,” the daughter of Nawaz says of the PTI challenge that ultimately sputtered. “This electricity crisis, this governance mess, people may have started to think about us in the same way.”

But Maryam Nawaz also admits that the PML-N has some soul-searching to do: “The party needs to be re-organised. We haven’t really focused on the party and keeping it strong. Our MNAs and MPAs didn’t do much for the party; they focused more on the government side of things.”

With the mood in the Sharif HQ quickly turning celebratory, aides are quietly already turning to what comes next.

“The army,” says one Sharif aide, voluntarily bringing up the fraught issue of relations between the army and Sharif. “In our strategy meetings, we discussed it and Mian sahib seemed to understand that it isn’t that big a challenge, that it can be handled relatively easily. But Mian sahib has a tendency to go off on his own tangent,” the aide says, his voice trailing off.

Maryam Nawaz, though, believes her father will handle matters differently this time. “He is a different man,” she says. “He’s seasoned, he’s a statesman, he has understanding, he’s a mature leader,” Maryam Nawaz says of her father, downplaying the possibility of friction with army.

Talk among aides also begins to switch to who will be in which office in a PML-N government. Will Shahbaz Sharif really quit the Punjab chief ministership for the federal water and power ministry to try and address the energy crisis?

“He’ll be up for it. But if he leaves Punjab, then that will open all sorts of delicate questions about who takes his place. That question may be too difficult, so leaving could be a problem,” an aide says.

Earlier, in his election camp office, Shafqat Mahmood, a PTI contender in Lahore, was already reflecting on the PTI expectations falling far short of reality. “Honestly, I’m not seeing a landslide. We should have done better,” Mahmood says.

In Mahmood’s assessment of his own seat, NA-126, lies a clue about why the PML-N has surged to enormous gains in Punjab and left the PTI trailing. “Our strategy was to sweep the posh areas and divide the poorer parts,” Mahmood says.

But the strategy failed overall because the PML-N appears to have made deep inroads into the less-well-off sections of Punjab’s population, historically a PPP vote bank.

“We protected our base,” a Sharif aide says. “The club-going, mummy-daddy crowd, the upper class, was never with us to begin with. But we won a vote this time that he haven’t really before: poorer people.”

Out on the streets of Lahore, late into Saturday night, there is no doubt that the established power has quashed the challenger.

As PML-N supporters swarm the streets, bringing traffic to a halt, dancing and singing on main thoroughfares, the PTI wave of supporters, so obvious until hours earlier, has already melted away.

Gone are the cricket bats and out have come the stuffed lions.

Decision time

YES, there are many subplots and side stories, some worthy, others nostalgia-driven, but on this day, who really cares? There’s only one main event, one big show, one top billing: PML-N vs PTI.

Juggernaut vs upstart; plucky contender vs behemoth; old-school vs new-age; The Little Engine That Could vs The Train That Has. Bring it on.

On the side lines, the cynics are smirking, the critics are scoffing, the naysayers are shaking their heads: IK is vapid; NS is turgid — neither knows what Pakistan needs, obsessed as they are with pandering to what Pakistan wants.

But they do, they do — and each is offering a very different version of Pakistan, as real as real can be and as different as different can get.

Khan’s Pakistan is about fixing how the state interacts with its people; Sharif’s Pakistan is about changing the orientation of the state.

Say what?

Khan’s case is essentially this: you, the ordinary guy, the average Joe, the regular chap in the street, is humiliated every time you interact with the state.

If you go to a police station to register a case, you’re humiliated. If you go to a government hospital for treatment, you’re humiliated. If you go to a state school or college, you’re humiliated.

If you go to have a passport made, pay a levy or collect a cheque — you’re humiliated. If you try to transfer land, you’re humiliated. If you sit, you’re humiliated; if you stand, you’re humiliated. Anything you try to do, anything you ask of the state, you find yourself humiliated.

Khan is saying it doesn’t have to be that way.

Nothing works because everything is broken, and everything is broken because the politicians don’t want to fix it, because they don’t have the will to fix it.

Fixing it — fixing how the state interacts with you — is what Khan’s message is all about.

It doesn’t matter that Khan may not be able to fix it; it matters that he’s the only one talking about fixing it.

What about Taliban Khan? Im the Dim? Isn’t he a dreamer where we need a thinker? Yes — to all of that.

But for much of Pakistan, he’s really Teflon Khan — the mud doesn’t stick because his is a dream worth dreaming.

Dignity, not humiliation — when you, the ordinary guy, interacts with the state in Khan’s Pakistan, you may find the state as it was supposed to be, not the distorted version it has become.

Incredible or incredulous? That’s the dividing line in Pakistan on Khan and there’re a whole lot of people on both sides. Tomorrow we’ll know just how many.

In Sharif is embodied a very different kind of promise. Not for him is fixing the excesses of the police and the patwari.

Sharif, never one for minutiae, is a big-picture guy. And his big picture is painted in very relevant colours.

As with everything Sharif, you have to tease it out, read between the lines, figure out what he can do and what he will do.

Parse his record — emphasis on his record, not his party or its other leaders’ record — over the past five years and you can map out what the next five years — Sharif’s Pakistan — could look like.

Three big-ticket items, in order of likelihood, Sharif may pursue: India, army and militancy.

Each has significant structural-adjustment potential: Sharif could leave behind a state that is less at war with itself and so, ironically, better placed to take up the task Khan wants to begin with.

India Sharif believes in because he knows the boost it will give Punjab and he has long internalised that the army’s domestic political predominance is linked to the India bugaboo.

The army Sharif could attack — bringing catastrophe upon all of us again. But Sharif need not attack; he just needs to defend, more robustly and emphatically than anyone else can or will — and there’s enough there to suggest Sharif has understood the difference.

Militancy, a distinct though overlapping sphere from extremism, Sharif’s no-fuss, no-dissent-tolerated attitude will force a clash with — the hot seat in Islamabad making escape or avoidance impossible.

What about all those deals with militants in Punjab? Real enough, but adjusting to an electorate instead of trying to shape it is the oldest of political sins.

Also real enough is Sharif’s dislike for disorder — if his, federal, government gets whacked, as it inevitably will, the response will be strong.

India, army, militancy — much of it will be possible because of who Sharif is: Punjabi, genuinely popular, and with the personal arrogance to make up his mind and then swot aside opposition to whatever his mind is set on.

Obvious enough is that neither Khan nor Sharif will necessarily succeed. Less obvious is the choice of direction they embody.

Khan’s Pakistan is about fixing how the state interacts with its people; Sharif’s Pakistan is about changing the orientation of the state.

Whom to choose?

In truth, neither is adequate. The cynics, critics and naysayers all have a point — about both Khan and Sharif.

What the heart wants and the head says and the country needs — the gap has never been wider.

Equally, to channel the Rumsfeldian spirit, you go to the polling booth with the politicians you have, not the politicians you might want or wish to have at a later time.

Khan’s appeal is visceral, Sharif’s temporal — neither is good enough but a choice has to be made. Vote.

And good luck to whoever wins. He’ll need it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Nawaz warns against split mandate

LAHORE, May 9: Hours before a hard-fought election campaign comes to an uncertain end, the man who could become Pakistan’s first thrice-elected prime minister is defiantly upbeat about the PML-N’s prospects on May 11 and downplaying the PTI’s late surge.

“In elections, it happens sometimes,” Sharif says of the large crowds Imran Khan has drawn in the PML-N strongholds of north and central Punjab. “When Mohtarma (Benazir Bhutto) was out in the field, she used to draw large crowds always. In 1997 too, when we won two-thirds, Mohtarma had big rallies.”

Warming to his theme, Sharif continues in an interview with Dawn, “How can you say the voter is unhappy with us. I’ve done many rallies and it’s been super-charged, highly charged. People are very receptive.”

“The campaign has gone very well by the grace of God. It’s better than in 2008, the response has been better in terms of voters,” Sharif argues, claiming the relative strength of the PML-N has grown from its surprise second-place finish in the Feb 2008 elections.

Fielding candidates in all provinces and having struck alliances with nationalists in Sindh and Balochistan, the PML-N has consciously tried to give its 2013 campaign a national hue and shed its Punjab-centric reputation. Sharif himself frequently slips in references to “national” problems, speaks of challenges “the country” faces and repeatedly specifically mentions Karachi, Sindh and Balochistan in his comments.

In terms of campaigning too, Sharif has tried to match the frantic pace of Imran Khan and zipped from one rally to the next on the back of a formidable and slick PML-N campaign machinery.

Numbers game

When it comes to numbers and predictions, the PML-N president remains cagey, refusing to be drawn into speculation about his party’s prospects on Saturday.

“Whichever party wins, it needs to have a very clear majority for it to have the necessary policies to deal with the serious challenges the country faces, for the state to have a strong writ,” Sharif says.

“A fractured mandate, a split mandate would be worse than the last five years.”

Could the PML-N be the party to win a clear mandate from the electorate, installing Sharif as the next prime minister?

“I hope so, a clear majority,” Sharif says of the PML-N’s prospects, adding, “It’s not about me or an individual becoming prime minister. What’s important is that we get out of this mess the country is in.”

With the likelihood of any party winning an overall majority seemingly low, which parties could the PML-N form a coalition with, and are there any parties Sharif rules out as a potential ally?

“I don’t know which party we will be forming a coalition with,” Sharif says in an implicit nod to the likelihood of a coalition government in the next parliament. “I can’t say how will the prime minister be elected or who he will be. Once the mandate is clear, then will be the time to think about it.”

With coalition maths more unpredictable than ever, Sharif, like many in his party leadership, shows hints of irritation that it’s his party that has been relentlessly attacked from all sides — the PPP, PML-Q and PTI acting in concert as far as the PML-N is concerned.

“So many wrong perceptions about us have been created. The PPP has been at it. Rehman Malik sahib’s false allegations have now surfaced,” Sharif says.

Policy matters

On the potential for a clash between the army-led security establishment and Sharif as a third-term prime minister, Sharif begins with a stock answer: “If every institution remains within its constitutional limits, there can be no problem. I don’t have a problem with anybody or with any institution.”

But given the reality of the army’s decisive role in setting national-security policy and handling key relationships with foreign powers — India, Afghanistan and the US — Sharif does venture to answer how civilian input can be expanded:

“The defence committee (of the cabinet) must be strengthened. It must have a proper secretariat. Security-related issues must be debated in the DCC before going to the cabinet for approval.”

On improving relations with India, Sharif says, “It will remain our priority. We will pick up the threads where we left off in 1999 before Musharraf derailed it. The process of resolving all outstanding issues with India will be restarted from the Lahore Declaration.”

The PML-N is perceived as soft on the Taliban and inclined to embrace right-wing parties like the Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat (ASWJ) in Punjab — how will Sharif deal with extremism if returned to power?

“What Rana Sanaullah did (courting ASWJ support) was resented by the party. He did it in his personal capacity. We were angry about it,” Sharif says of the most notorious link between a senior PML-N leader and the ASWJ.

“It is not our policy. It won’t be. Name a single person that we have made a seat adjustment with,” Sharif says, his otherwise calm voice rising a decibel or two.

Defiant PML-N

Privately, members of the PML-N leadership remain confident of their party’s chances on Saturday while simultaneously excoriating the PTI for outmanoeuvring the PML-N in the last two weeks of the campaign.

“We will be the largest party but it’s the margin that is difficult to predict,” an architect of the PML-N’s campaign said.

In a hint of the damage the PTI may have caused to the PML-N in recent days, a PML-N campaign manager lashed out at the media and the PTI’s advertising war chest.

“We just don’t have the money to compete,” the media manger lamented, a slightly dubious claim given the PML-N’s deep pockets. “The PTI will have spent more than Rs2bn on ads by the end of it.

But the channels just aren’t giving us a chance. We release money for five ads and they air only one.”

The Society for Alternative Media and Research, which is tracking political advertisements between 7pm and 11pm on eight major TV news channels, in its report for the week April 25-30 stated: “PTI stands (as) the top political advertiser with highest frequency and airtime in the mainstream private electronic media,” giving the PTI a 39 per cent share of advertisement air time to the PML-N’s 22 per cent. In terms of frequency of advertisements, according to Samar, the PTI had a 32 per cent share to the PML-N’s 26 per cent.

The PML-N also remains wary of the sympathy vote that Imran Khan’s fall on Tuesday may generate. A campaign manager said half in jest, “After Imran fell and then today the Gilani boy was kidnapped, someone turned to Shahbaz

(Sharif) in a meeting and gestured as if to say, ‘Well, what about us? Maybe we need something’.” Underlining the closeness of the contest and the importance of the last hours of the campaign, another campaign manager said, “We suggested to Mian sahib (Nawaz Sharif) that the day of not campaigning should end around 7pm (on Wednesday), which is roughly 24 hours since Imran had his accident. That would at least have given us a few more hours to campaign without violating Mian sahib’s pledge.

“But Mian sahib said, ‘It’s a matter of my integrity and reputation. We won’t campaign until Thursday’,” the manager said wistfully.

Imran predicts victory, but does not rule out coalition

LAHORE: Nearing the end of his frenetic, barnstorming tour of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Imran Khan is confident of a clear victory on May 11 but is still unwilling to predict the number of seats the PTI will win.

His voice flushed with excitement after a whistle-stop of the Peshawar valley and parts of central Punjab over the past 36 hours, Khan believes the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf is on the verge of a historic success.

“I’m not going to get drawn into numbers. But if it’s going like I think it is, then we should have a clear majority,” Khan says of Saturday’s National Assembly elections in an interview with Dawn.

What if the PTI doesn’t win a majority on May 11: would it sit in the opposition or negotiate to join a coalition government or, as a rumour swirling around the PTI suggests, would the party refuse to accept the results as legitimate?

“If it’s the main parties, then no,” Khan says, referring to the possibility of a coalition with either the PML-N or the PPP.

“The others, the other parties that we can think about it if the situation arises,” the PTI chief continues, simultaneously implicitly recognising the difficulty of attaining a single-party majority and rejecting the possibility of launching a protest movement.

Khan’s effervescence in the last days of the campaign is, by his own admission, because of the ferocious effort over the past two weeks to reach out to the electorate; an effort that Khan believes has re-energised the untested PTI voter and support base.

“People said that the tsunami had receded, that the support had gone. But when we went out again, we got the response and support again,” Khan claims.

Helping Khan re-energise the PTI base is a sophisticated campaign machinery that has been built around him and that travels with him, quickly deployed in the run-up to his short campaign stops before hurriedly moving on to the next location.

The most obvious element in the campaign machine is the small, four-person helicopter that ferries Khan and his closest advisers from one stop to the next, stretching his itinerary to the maximum.

On his whirlwind, daylong tour of the Peshawar valley on Saturday, for example, Khan visited Buner, Swabi, Charsadda, Mardan, Nowshera and Peshawar before flying to Lahore in a private plane later that evening.

At the rallies themselves, significant attention is paid to crowd-rousing techniques before Khan’s arrival and during his stump speech. In Mardan, massive audio equipment was set up to pump quality sound across the venue adjacent to railway tracks: first for the now-familiar PTI anthems and then for broadcasting Khan’s words.

In Peshawar, where Khan is contesting NA-1, as hundreds waited hours for the PTI chief to arrive to inaugurate a running mate’s campaign office, the crowd-pleasing tricks were slowly rolled out. With the star attraction’s arrival imminent, a giant bat was carried into the narrow lane followed by a campaign van laden with speakers to entertain the crowd.

The least organised aspect of Khan’s rallies appears to be security, with Khan himself often breaking protocol and clearly revelling in being mobbed by supporters. In Mardan, as Khan was ushered off stage and towards his bulletproof SUV, he stopped to give an interview to a BBC team and was instantly mobbed by supporters chasing after him.

Later, in Peshawar, when his SUV was unable to enter a narrow lane leading to his running mate’s office, Khan opened the front passenger door, stood up and raised a clenched fist to the gathered crowd. In those few seconds, the already frenzied throng went delirious as supporters clambered over one another to try and touch Khan.

Resurgence Did Khan always believe there would be a late surge in the PTI’s popularity, rendering the overall election result unpredictable?

“I saw it for the first time in June 2010. This was much before the October rally. At the Union Council-level, the support for us was incredible,” Khan says, dating his belief in the PTI’s popularity to a by-election for a Punjab Assembly seat in Lahore.

After the Feb 2008 winner of PP-160, Lahore-XIV, was disqualified because of a fake graduation degree, a by-election was held on June 24, 2010, which the PML-N won with 27,000 votes.

Runner-up was the PTI’s Malik Zaheer Abbas Khokhar, who clocked in 19,000 votes in an election that the Free and Fair Election Network reported as marred by fraudulent voting and interference by the district administration.

“I knew then,” Khan says of the 2010 Lahore by-election. “That was an election in which the entire provincial government was against us and yet the support for us was there. The people were with us.”

“The toughest decision of my life was holding the intra-party elections,” Khan says of the dip in the PTI’s popularity after the now-famous Lahore rally in October 2011. “After the Lahore rally, as we went through the process, people started to say that the tsunami had receded.”

“It was tough but I wanted to break this system of candidates, sometimes going to one party, sometimes going to another, this system of money and development funds,” Khan continues. “Now that we’ve been through the intra-party elections and the board has selected candidates, the candidates belong to us, to the PTI.”

Determined to keep the focus on the PTI, and by extension himself, instead of on electables and constituency candidates, Khan believes he has found a winning strategy.

“Lahore is where the main battle is. But it’s all over Punjab, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The PPP is crumbling in south Punjab. The old order is collapsing,” Khan exclaims enthusiastically.

Cautious PTI For all of Khan’s enthusiasm and self- belief, members of the PTI leadership and party candidates privately admit that the PTI is beset by lingering but serious problems.

In Mardan, for example, Khan’s rally was thinly attended and of the three National Assembly constituencies in the district, none has a PTI candidate as the leading contender or even as a serious challenger. The reason, party members claim, the ticket-allocation process that sidelined potentially stronger candidates.

“Until a month ago, the PTI stronghold was supposed to be KP. But now it’s Punjab and there’s nothing in KP,” a PTI leader in KP claimed, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal party matters. “It’s primarily down to mismanagement.”

According to the PTI leader, the bitter rivalry between Pervez Khattak, the party’s central secretary general, and Asad Qaiser, the party’s KP president, has already cost the party because of the tussle over tickets, mixed signals sent to the electorate and shoddy overall campaign infrastructure.

“Five seats look strong,” the PTI leaders said of the 35 National Assembly races in KP. “The rest there’s not much. PTI should do better at the provincial assembly level.”A PTI candidate in Punjab echoed some of his KP counterpart’s concerns: “Would it have been better had I known earlier I would get the ticket? Sure. I’ve only had 20 days to put today a campaign and recruit people and that’s asking a lot.”

Ultimately, the gap between the exuberance of Khan and the caution of party members is about a difference over how many voters will turn out for the PTI on May 11.

For Khan at least, there is no room for doubt in these last days of the campaign. “It’s unbelievable. You have to see it to believe it,” Khan says of support for the party he believes he will lead to power on May 11.

The second wave

KHAN said it was a dream; the Khanistas believed in him; everyone else scoffed — May 11 was supposed to be the validation of logic over irrationality.

Khan had no plan, no programme, no ideology. His wasn’t politics, it was anti-politics, the critics screamed.

No matter. Nothing seemed to stick to Teflon Khan. And here we are, a week from an election like no other and Khan looks like he may pull off an almighty surprise.

How big a surprise? Only the brave, or the foolish, would put numbers on their predictions, even now just six days out.

But it does come down to this: until a couple of weeks ago, of the 272 direct seats in parliament, the PML-N thought it had at least 90 in the bag — and perhaps as many as 110.

Now, today, the PML-N’s minimal haul is under threat. And that complicates everything.

For if 90 becomes 70 or even 65, the PML-N is suddenly neck-and-neck with the PPP, which can fairly reliably expect to pick up at least half of the 85-odd seats in south Punjab and interior Sindh and a handful of seats from the rest of Punjab and from Balochistan and KP.

The N-League neck-and-neck with the PPP complicates everything because of Zardari’s proven coalition-building and- sustaining skills and because the PPP has a larger number of potential allies in the next parliament. Finishing a close second to the N-League may be as good as winning for the PPP.

How big a threat is Khan? Spoiler status seemingly cemented, the question being whispered is whether Khan can steam past the PPP and perhaps, maybe, possibly mow down the PML-N.

The question is whispered in equal parts incredulity and disbelief because it never, ever seemed truly possible. Even now it doesn’t seem possible. Logic suggests it simply can’t happen.

But then … but then there is Khan, tearing through Punjab and KP, drawing monster crowds; the energy palpable, the voter real, the possibility ever-growing.

Why is Khan surging, why is the second wave materialising? Equally, what did the PML-N do wrong for it to find itself under pressure in its heartland, central and northern Punjab?

The answer seems to begin with the PPP. So utterly incompetent and dreadful was the PPP at the centre the past five years that it seems to have tainted everything status quo — including the N-League’s stodgy but reliable government in Punjab.

It’s not about specifics: about loadshedding or corruption or inflation or jobs. It’s something more, a feeling that the system is broken and that the status quo options cannot be part of the solution.

The PML-N didn’t help its own cause either. The folksy Nawaz understands and connects with voters in a way the administrator Shahbaz can’t — there is, after all, a reason why the party is called PML-N and not PML-Sharif.

But Punjab was run by the younger Sharif the past five years and it has hurt the party. The voter wants his representative to do stuff for him, but he also wants to feel loved; Shahbaz could dream up laptops and sasti rotis and metro buses but he couldn’t inspire Punjab politically.

That opened the door for someone else. That Khan is that someone else is, depending on who you ask, either down to his message or his audience.

The message is important — and long derided as inadequate by Khan’s critics.

Whether the simplicity of Khan’s message — you, the voter, deserve better but you will never get better from the tried and failed lot — is down to his brilliance or his inability to truly inspire is an argument for the pundits.

For the PTI, all that matters is when message has met audience, magic has been created.

The audience, though, has been key — particularly in Punjab. Obsessed with patronage and being the centre of their voters’ universe, the status quo politicians missed a trick: many a would-be voter just wants them to get the hell out of their way.

The dominant assumption has been that the voter is very different from the non-voter. The voter wants a state job or the protection that comes with being part of a dharra or seeks the benefits the politics of thana-kutchery can offer.

The non-voter is supposed to be different: he only wants the state to set the rules fairly, not help him play the game; he doesn’t want to do in a rival or flout the law gratuitously; he wants the system to work, fairly, reasonably and equal for all; he just wants the state to get the hell out of the way.

Finding none of that in the prevalent system, the non-voter stays out of the electoral process. So Khan’s challenge was supposed to be the impossible: getting the non-voter to vote.

But that either/or framework missed something terribly important: there’s a bit of the non-voter in the voter.

Much as the guy who does vote is immersed in the politics of patronage and thana-kutchery, he too dreams of a different reality, much like the one the non-voter wants.

Never really offered that something different by the status quo options, the voter worked the system to his advantage as best he could. Now, when someone else, Khan, has dared to offer that something else, the voter has leapt to embrace him.

The guy who traditionally votes and is now leaning towards Khan doesn’t really believe Khan can transform the system — he, the voter, knows the system too well to believe that transformation is possible.

But the voter is ready to protest the broken system that does serve him but, deep down, he doesn’t really like.

And that’s why Khan is surging: he’s tapped into the non-voter in every voter.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Frenzied campaigning in a clutch of pivotal seats

MULTAN: Six National Assembly seats, 13 of provincial assembly; high-wattage candidates; PPP, PML-N, PTI and JI vying for victory; urban and rural voters with their separate dynamics; settlers and migrants versus natives; biradirism and factionalism; and the lurking issue of a south Punjab province – the intensity of the electoral race in Multan is rivalled only by its complexity.

The names here are all eye-catching: Yusuf Raza Gilani’s sons Ali Musa and Abdul Qadir are up against Shah Mehmood Qureshi, PTI, and Sikandar Hayat Bosan of PML-N. Javed Hashmi is in the same race as Liaquat Baloch, secretary general of the Jamaat-i-Islami. And Shah Mehmood Qureshi is contesting a second seat in Multan city against lesser-known but strong rivals from the PML-N and PPP.

These four seats – NA-148 to NA-151 – are where most eyes are on in Multan and none of the camps involved are confident of victory as yet. Racing from one meeting to the next and campaigning from early morning till the late hours of the night, the candidates and their allies need not state the obvious: they are in the fight of their lives.

Appearing the most relaxed is Yusuf Raza Gilani, freed from the burden of contesting himself but campaigning intensely on behalf of his sons. Driving his Land Cruiser – non-bullet proof, as Gilani points out – and accompanied by a three-vehicle police escort, Gilani is listening to his favourite music and waving to supporters on the road as he shuttles between his sons’ constituencies, one predominantly urban, NA 148, the other largely rural, NA-151.“This is what I like best, being among my people,” Gilani says, after a brief stop at a small house in a narrow lane, where supporters quickly gather to cheer Gilani and the PPP. The Gilanis are relying on two factors to carry them to victory on May 11: one, a loyal PPP and Gilani vote bank in Multan; and two, the enormous money and time Yusuf Raza lavished on Multan during his four-year stint as prime minister.

“Every day I spent at least one hour looking at the affairs of Multan,” Gilani said of his time as prime minister. The results, both supporters and rivals attest, are there for all to see. Large parts of Multan city have been transformed by a quintessentially Pakistani understanding of development: roads, bridges and flyovers are layered across the city in a dizzying, ribbon-like arrangement.

“When Bunny (Abdul Qadir) was contesting, people said, ‘na bijli, na paani leikin Gilani,’” the elder Gilani said with a smile of his son’s hard-fought victory last July in NA-151, the seat vacated by Gilani after his disqualification by the Supreme Court.

SMQ’s MIXED OUTLOOK: “Ali Musa is safe,” said Kasim Gilani, another son of Yusuf Raza who is campaigning for the family, referring to the contest in NA-148 between Ali Musa Gilani, Shah Mehmood Qureshi and Abdul Ghaffar Dogar, PML-N.

Originally Qureshi’s stronghold in Multan, Ali Musa won the seat by a margin of over 50,000 votes against Dogar in a Feb 2012 by-election after Qureshi resigned having joined the PTI. But with Qureshi back in the race now, Kasim Gilani explained the reasons his family is hoping for a second win in NA-148: “It’s a triangular fight now, plus our panel is very strong,” referring to Ali Musa’s running mates, including a brother of Shah Mehmood Qureshi.

“148 is a tougher contest. It is neck-and-neck,” admitted Zain Qureshi, son of Shah Mehmood. “The main problem is that we didn’t take part in the by-election and our voters went over to Ghaffar Dogar (the PML-N candidate). Now, seventy-five to eighty per cent is back with us, but there are still factions with Dogar.”

“150 we are fairly comfortable,” Zain Qureshi continued, turning to the other seat his father is contesting in Multan. “Rana Hassan (the PML-N candidate and winner in 2008) has a very bad reputation and people are sick of him.”

“Secondly, it’s a completely urban constituency, so there is a PTI and Shah Mehmood Qureshi factor there. Thirdly, the Ansaris are split,” the younger Qureshi explained, referring to a seat his father has never contested before and where there is a heavy PML-N and Ansari biradiri influence.

Imran Gabol, a local journalist, echoed Qureshi’s outlook for NA-150: “Shah Mehmood Qureshi has done his homework and has a lot of support. He’s broken supporters from Rana Hassan, who isn’t very popular. It looks like it will be a fight between the PML-N and PTI.”

Gabol, though, cautioned that while the PPP candidate, Nafees Ansari, is weak and a new entrant to the party, the warring but pivotal Ansari biradiri could rally behind him come election time.

Tough fights The challenge for Javed Hashmi in NA-149, a seat he won in 2008 but vacated after joining the PTI, is a crowded field. “Whenever there is a triangular contest, PPP wins,” Jamshed Rizwani, the Geo bureau chief in Multan, said. “Half the votes there are PPP and the other half anti-PPP.”

An urban constituency with a large conservative vote bank, in the past the PML-N and Jamaat-i-Islami have cooperated here to ensure victory for a right-of-centre candidate. This time there is a four-way race in NA-149: Hashmi, Liaquat Baloch (JI), Tariq Rasheed, the PML-N winner in the Feb 2012 by-election that was marred by accusations of widespread rigging, and Malik Amir Dogar, the PPP candidate.

With the conservative vote now split, Dogar is considered the front-runner on May 11. But Rizwani warned: “It’s a heavily educated constituency. In the by-election, the turnout was very low and the PTI thinks that was its voter staying away. Dogar is strong but you can’t write off Hashmi.”

For the PML-N, Multan remains a riddle it has yet to fully crack – the electorate here being roughly divided between prosperous and conservative settlers from other parts of Punjab and migrants at Partition on one side and PPP-leaning, poorer natives on the other side. Winner of two of the six NA seats in 2008, the PML-N has only one clear front-runner in 2013: Syed Javed Ali Shah in NA-152.

The other is Sikandar Hayat Bosan, who joined the PML-N at the eleventh hour after breaking from the PTI and will face off against Abdul Qadir Gilani in NA-151.

“It’s one-on-one and neck to neck,” said Kasim Gilani, brother of Abdul Qadir. “Bosan has forty to forty-five thousand of his own votes there. Add to that twenty-thousand biradiri votes and ten-to-fifteen thousand N-League votes. We (Gilanis) don’t have our home there and have to start by making up the personal votes Bosan has there.”

The Gilanis did, however, win an election here last summer. After Yusuf Raza was forced out by the Supreme Court, Abdul Qadir narrowly defeated Sikandar Bosan’s brother, who stood as an independent but was backed by the PML-N and PTI. Even though Bosan’s brother lost despite the collective efforts of the PPP’s rivals, Sikandar Bosan is considered a formidable candidate.

“Bosan has the edge,” Jamshed Rizwani said. “There are only two dharras in NA-151: Gilani and Bosan. In the city-Cantt part of the constituency, the PPP usually loses. But it’s a difficult constituency to predict: usually all the votes in a polling station go one way or the other. Where Bosan is strong, Gilani is weak and vice versa.”

Notes from south Punjab

WHAT the state is meant to provide but doesn’t, the private sector can sometimes help sort out.

Cattle rustling is a big deal in the rural south. Gangs steal cattle to make a quick buck. A politician miffed you’re leaning towards a rival will send his goons to raid your property and set loose your cattle in the middle of the night. The city cattle dealer welcomes any additions to his herd, no questions asked.

Whether for money or politics, for generations, cattle rustling has defined life here. But a strange thing has happened in recent years: it’s become harder to steal cattle.

Not because the local police have woken up to the pervasiveness and seriousness of the crime — a subsistence farmer’s cattle is his living, and total, wealth — but because the private sector has provided an incidental solution.

The big dairy companies hungry for milk have given small farmers and poor households cattle to look after — and crucially, sheds to house the cattle. Where once cattle was tied to a tree stump at night or kept in rudimentary, rickety pens, now there are metal sheds with padlocked gates for the cattle to be kept safe in.

Lock-picking being more difficult than untying a rope thrown around a tree and metal gates clanging being more of a warning than intruders stealthily moving around a field in the dark, an ancient problem has been addressed and the little guy is more secure against the depredations of his powerful neighbour.

It’s a story the little guy in the south frequently delights in telling, throwing in a choice word or two for the local police, which is still aligned with his more powerful neighbour.

PPP strategy: Where in north and central Punjab the PPP candidate is trying his best to play up his personal appeal to voters and downplay his party affiliation — some candidate’s banners have no trace of PPP colours and only a discrete teer is placed in a bottom corner —in the south, the PPP candidate is happy to trade on his party’s continuing appeal.

But it’s not the headline stuff that the party is relying on principally to pick up more seats in the south.

Yes, the Seraiki suba can be an emotive issue and may yet become an electoral one; BISP has empowered women who will pad the PPP vote bank; and the money pumped into the agricultural sector will help keep the PPP’s vote bank stable, the party here hopes.

But taken together, all of that is still not enough for the PPP to cross the finish line way ahead of the rest in the south, which is what the party needs if it is to have a shot at returning to power.

Instead, the PPP electoral strategy in the south is built on two familiar planks: neutralising the opposition where possible by winning over as many electables and their networks of local influentials as possible, and where that isn’t possible, banking on triangular and quadrangular contests seeing its candidates through to victory.

So rather than a regal stroll to victory, the party expects a hard fight — an old-fashioned slugfest with less of a party-ideological twist and more the breaking and making of constituency-level coalitions of support.

Provincial PTI: It’s more discernible in north and central Punjab but the south tends to confirm a little-noticed trend: whatever the results at the centre, the PTI is threatening to make a serious dent in the Punjab Assembly.

Provincial assembly seats have smaller and more homogenous electorates than National Assembly seats: firstly, because there are two PP seats for every one NA seat and secondly, because of the quirks, often deliberate, in the 2002 delimitation, an NA seat often has large chunks of both urban and rural voters.

At the NA level — the bara vote — everything is bigger, more complicated, more expensive and harder to do. Most importantly, an NA candidate needs strong arms, wings, panels: the local parlance for running mates on provincial assembly seats, the chota vote.

The provincial assembly guy has a less complicated scenario, and more options. If his is an urban constituency, he can catch the electoral wave that sweeps through his area by having the right ticket. If his is a rural constituency, he can work the politics of patronage and thana-katchery to secure his hold.

And, because winning is the name of the game, the provincial assembly-level guy can reach an understanding with an NA candidate from another party if the overall configuration of the one NA-two PP constituencies means they have something to offer one another.

So wherever there’s a PTI candidate in a tough fight on an NA seat, there’s often a Punjab Assembly running mate for whom victory looks more likely. The next Punjab Assembly could have a very interesting dynamic.

Prediction time: Out in the constituencies, everyone thinks they’re still in with a chance. But the pundits on TV and in print are confidently making their predictions and projections already. So who’s right?

The disconnect between the confidence of the macro analysts and the wariness of the micro watchers is rooted in a fundamental uncertainty at the moment: who will turn out to vote on May 11 and for whom.

With most races having kicked off just a week ago, the coalitions at the constituency level, so essential to winning seats, are only now starting to take shape. Hour by hour, the players with one, two, three thousand votes behind them are making their allegiances public — and each announcement of affiliation and support at the micro level is shaping the overall constituency race.

With two weeks to go, most micro watchers will only make one prediction right now: May 4, 5, 6 — that’s around when the winners and losers will become clearer. The rest is just noise.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

A wily politician tries to hang on

DEPALPUR: It’s a little past midnight when Khurram Jahangir Wattoo, son of Manzoor Wattoo, steps up to a podium to address a few dozens supporters in the small town of this largely rural tehsil of Okara district.

Slogans ring out in praise of the Wattoos and a provincial-assembly candidate accompanying Khurram Jahangir. Then, someone behind Wattoo shouts out, “Long live PPP.” The audience goes momentarily silent, refusing to shout support for their party. This in a town where the PPP has enjoyed a historical vote bank.

The Wattoos and Depalpur are synonymous: Manzoor Wattoo, the family patriarch and wily politician, has used this area as a springboard to national fame, and infamy too, as a former chief minister of Punjab and federal minister — positions attained through intrigue, ambition and ruthlessness on an epic scale.

Independents in Feb 2008, after Manzoor Wattoo quit the PML-Q, the family has since thrown in its lot with the PPP. Today, Manzoor, the PPP president in Punjab, is the architect of the party’s campaign from Okara to Lahore.

In Depalpur, however, the Wattoos face strong headwinds in the two National Assembly seats here, NA-146 and NA-147. First, there is Wattoo fatigue in the electorate: Manzoor is contesting both National Assembly seats, while a son, Khurram Jahangir, and a daughter, Jahanara, are standing from provincial-assembly seats. With the elder Wattoo also in a provincial assembly race here, five of the six seats in Depalpur — NA and Punjab Assembly — have a Wattoo-PPP candidate.

Second, as Khurram Jahangir confronted at his midnight meeting with voters, there is a strain of anti-PPP sentiment here, particularly in the town — though Depalpur is largely a rural tehsil where party affiliation matters little.

On a late-night drive back to his family home in Wasewevala, some 30kms from Depalpur town, Khurram Jahangir Wattoo, who won NA-147 in a June 2008 by-election after his father vacated it having won both NA-146 and NA-147 in the Feb 2008 elections, admitted: “People are not happy with the PPP. With the load shedding and other factors, people say it’s not a good party.”

The younger Wattoo, who is now a Punjab Assembly candidate, continued: “The PPP’s image is so negative and people are saying the N-League will come to power. The voter tends to go where he thinks power lies.”

PML-N challenges

Manzoor Wattoo’s strongest challenge lies in NA-146, which includes the more politicised Depalpur town and is adjacent to his principal stronghold, NA-147. In 2008, Manzoor only won NA-146 after a late-night recount in controversial circumstances gave him victory by a margin of less than a thousand votes.

The defeated candidate in 2008, Rao Muhammad Ajmal Khan, son of an influential politician who once defeated Nawaz Sharif, won the seat in 2002 as an independent. Now, Ajmal is on a PML-N ticket, having quit the PML-Q after his 2008 loss.

“I’m feeling confident,” Ajmal said, sitting on a chair in a darkened field next to a stage where a PML-N rally had just begun. “Wattoo hasn’t been seen around here (NA-146) much. When he comes, he just meets the important people, doles out some money and leaves. People aren’t happy.”

Ajmal explained his own appeal to voters: “I swore on my father’s grave that I would work for the people’s benefit. Until I came, there had been no mega projects here. I brought schools here, built roads, gave Sui gas connections.”

The PML-N candidate’s crowning achievement in Depalpur was to establish a sub-campus of the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad, while he was a PML-Q MNA. Now inactive, caught up in the struggle between Ajmal and Wattoo, the campus’s fate is a sore point.

“I don’t talk much about Wattoo in my campaign. But where it is a real issue (the agriculture university), I tell the people about it.”

Ultimately, though, politics here is about groupings and dharras and Ajmal has worked to win over local players previously aligned with Wattoo. A key supporter of Ajmal in the 2013 race is the Khokhar family, whose scion, Malik Ali Abbas Khokhar, is Ajmal’s running mate.

Ali Abbas Khokhar summed up his family’s influence in NA-146 in this way: “In 2008, we were with Wattoo and he won. In 2002, we were with Rao Ajmal and he won.”

Khokhar was also straightforward about why his family is so influential in the rural parts of this constituency: “The literacy rate here is low. In the city there is more awareness, here it is all about dharras. Rural life is all about the politics of police stations.”

Wattoo stronghold

“We wanted father to have a safe seat. It was important that he enter the National Assembly,” Khurram Jahangir Wattoo said, explaining why the elder Wattoo was once again the family candidate in NA-147, the seat the younger Wattoo won in a 2008 by-election.

“Manzoor Wattoo is the favourite in NA-147,” said Imtiaz Wattoo, an election monitor with a local NGO. Imtiaz, no relation to the Wattoo political family, explained: “147 is entirely about dharras and personalities, there is no party vote there. Wattoo’s position may be weaker than in 2008 but there’s no strong opposition to speak of either.”

The main opponent, such that he is, in NA-147 is Muhammad Moeen Wattoo, the leader of a rival family of Wattoos in Depalpur. Moeen is now on a PML-N ticket but as an independent in 2008 he supported Manzoor Wattoo in the general election and Khurram Jahangir in the by-election several months later.

“Even though they are rivals, the Wattoos don’t want any other families to break through,” Shahzad Aqdas, a local lawyer, said of the rival Wattoo families’ support for another, sometimes overt and sometimes covert depending on circumstances. “Moeen’s strength is more in the provincial assembly seat anyway. Even now, he might end up supporting Manzoor Wattoo on the NA seat a day or two before the election.”

The key to Manzoor Wattoo’s strength in NA-147 is his mastery of patronage politics in a rural area where political parties have a negligible role. “Jobs,” Khurram Jahangir said, explaining in a word the primary driver of politics in the area. As federal minister for industries and production and later Kashmir affairs and Gilgit-Baltistan, the elder Wattoo leveraged his position in the last government to win maximum support in his stronghold.

“National Fertiliser Corporation, Utility Stores, Sui, all the BISP staff in this area, Nadra staff to some extent too, jobs were given by Wattoo to his people,” Shahid Aqdas said. “People didn’t even have to go to the relevant department, there were readymade appointment letters available at his dera with the name left blank, to be filled in as necessary.”

Aqdas added that the jobs were largely doled out to members of Wattoo’s local political network, ensuring they would mobilise voters come election time.

Which is why the Wattoo family is fairly confident about winning at least one of Depalpur’s two NA seats. “People in the city don’t like it, yes,” Khurram Jahangir said of his family contesting five of the six seats in the tehsil. “But it’s not because we are trying to keep others out. It’s because of the people’s love for us.”

A bellwether race in central Punjab

KASUR: There are no high-wattage names contesting NA-139, no eye-catching personalities or over-the-top politics. But the complex race in this half-urban, half-rural constituency in central Punjab offers something more: tantalising clues to the electoral prospects of the PML-N, PTI and PPP in the region.

Waseem Akhtar, the winner in 2008, is the quintessential PML-N candidate: personally not very popular, but a leading contender because of the solidly PML-N vote bank in the city. Chaudhry Manzoor Ahmad, winner in 2002, is the archetype of the PPP contender: a likeable people’s man who relies enormously on rural support and gets hammered in the city by an urban electorate suspicious of, if not outright hostile to, the PPP.

Muhammad Hussain Dogar embodies the contradictions of the PTI: a veteran politician who recently joined the party in the hope of combining his reliable vote bank at the provincial-assembly level with a PTI surge to carry him to a maiden victory on a National Assembly ticket.

All three candidates are in with a shot in 2013, rendering NA-139 one of the more unpredictable races this election. Swimming hardest against the tide is Chaudhry Manzoor, who joined the PPP prior to his 2002 victory and is now a member of the party’s central executive committee.

Manzoor can appear a throwback to a different era of politicians: he travels around his constituency in a micro hatchback; is well-versed in global political history and ideological politics — a nod to his socialist origins; and is eager to talk about marginalised sections of society.

Since joining the PPP inner circle, however, tales have begun to accrue of a politician tainted by modern politics.

Manzoor readily admits the magnitude of the challenge before him on May 11. “One-to-one it is difficult,” Manzoor said. “I won in 2002 because there were several strong candidates. Anyone who wants to enter the race, I welcome.”

And while his rural vote bank is fairly reliable, Manzoor recognises the formidable headwinds he faces as a PPP candidate. “About the PPP, what is it people say? That it is corrupt? But here everyone knows about the dirty dealings of the PML-N guy (Waseem Akhtar).”

“Load shedding?” Manzoor continued. “In Kasur, there is less load shedding than in Lahore,” Manzoor claimed, crediting his friendships and contacts in the water and power ministry with helping mitigate Kasur’s energy crisis, an especially devastating crisis for a city dominated by employment-generating tanneries and power looms.

PTI challenger

Manzoor’s wish for more contenders in a race he is sure to lose to Waseem Akhtar, the PML-N candidate, in a two-way contest has been answered — though perhaps not in the way Manzoor may have hoped.

Muhammad Hussain Dogar — a 27-year veteran of the PPP and a Punjab Assembly member from an adjacent constituency — has waded into NA-139 in a campaign that is as much about stepping up to the next level of politics as taking on Manzoor.

Dogar, who wears his political ambitions on his sleeve, said: “I said that in Kasur the PPP should have its own candidates. But the party gave so many tickets to the PML-Q.”

In essence, Dogar, the PPP district president until quitting the party earlier this month, had wanted the PPP ticket in NA-140, the constituency that covers the one he was elected from as a Punjab Assembly member in 2008. But Dogar found his way blocked by Manzoor, who holds sway over the PPP high command by virtue of his position as an influential member of the party’s CEC.

Slighted by Manzoor and offered a ticket by the PTI, Dogar jumped at the opportunity to contest NA-139. However, for all the support the PTI has in Kasur city, Dogar faces two problems: the other half of this NA constituency is rural and he does not belong to either half of the constituency — Dogar’s base being an adjacent rural Punjab Assembly constituency.

In NA-139, Dogar is circumspect about the net effect of the PTI. “There is silence in the PTI vote. The tsunami will have to be brought,” Dogar said.

“PTI workers have passion but they are not politically savvy. There is also a lack of workers and we’ll have to rely on voters directly.”

The freshly minted PTI candidate — he remained a PPP MPA until the Punjab Assembly was dissolved last month — also admitted he had yet to be fully welcomed by the PTI old guard. “Those that are disgruntled, the old PTI worker will bring on board. Already some have come out in support of me,” Dogar said.

PML-N stronghold

“Mian Nawaz Sharif regards Kasur as his backyard,” Nadeem Haroon, the PTI district president admitted, discussing the party’s prospects in NA-139. “It will be tough but there are four (main) candidates now and the Ansari biradiri is also split.”

Therein lies the tale of Waseem Akhtar, the PML-N winner in 2008, and why he continues to be the candidate to beat. Akhtar, who is a distant relative of key PML-N leaders, has a rough style of politics, accused by opponents, and even allies, of aloofness, corruption and running criminal enterprises.

“Land grabbing, fraud, gunmen, appropriating state money, he’s involved in all of it,” alleged Naveed Hashim Rizvi, a fierce critic of Akhtar who vied for the PML-N ticket as a member of the PML-Q Like-minded faction before belatedly jumping into the race as an independent.

“Yes, the people’s reservations are there,” admitted Naeem Safdar Ansari, who is Akhtar’s running mate but keeps him at arm’s length. However, Ansari added, “In the city, in NA-139, the party vote matters a lot.”

The solidly PML-N vote bank in Kasur city has much to do with the dominant Ansari biradiri, a hyper-politicised clan whose byzantine politics notwithstanding has always been aligned with the PML-N.

In settled circumstances, Akhtar on a PML-N ticket could canter to victory in NA-139. But the Ansari biradiri has yet to decide on its final alliances ahead of the election and, in the past, divisions among the Ansaris have allowed non-PML-N candidates to benefit.

There is also the Rizvi factor, the insurgent independent candidate and former Kasur city nazim who readily admits Akhtar is his target.

“It’s very difficult to predict,” an Ansari biradiri leader said of the race. “Dogar could break Chaudhry Manzoor’s votes and Naveed Rizvi could hurt Sheikh Waseem.”

PTI hurting PPP, independent hurting PML-N, and each of the party candidates embodying the advantages and disadvantages of his party in the region — NA-139 may be a below-the-radar contest, but it is also a revealing microcosm of elections in central Punjab.

An intense four-way contest

Assef Ahmad Ali. -File photo

KASUR: Surrounded by a handful of supporters, Assef Ahmad Ali is standing in front of the enormous, raised desk of a district judge.

Ali is here for the business of the day: to submit his party affiliation and have an electoral symbol allocated.

The former foreign minister who quit the PPP and his seat, NA-140, in late 2011 had hoped to be contesting on a PTI ticket with a cricket bat as his electoral symbol.

Instead, Ali is requesting a matka, a water pitcher, as his symbol and will contest as an independent candidate.

Ali’s journey from the PPP to the PTI and now, once again, as an independent candidate on a seat he won in 2008 by defeating Khurshid Kasuri, Musharraf’s foreign minister, is a tale of broken promises, hubris and an independent streak — a streak Ali can afford to indulge because of his reliable vote bank among the dominant Arain biradiri, of which he is a sardar.

“I quit the PPP because it isn’t the party of Benazir anymore. It’s a party of power players and I was lost,” Ali said. “When I joined the PTI, Imran had assured me that my case would not go to the parliamentary board because I’ve been a former foreign minister and am senior.”

He continued: “When I was asked to appear before the (PTI) parliamentary board, I felt insulted. I said, ‘I will not appear before these pygmies. They are my junior.’ ”

Ali had in fact been out-manoeuvred by Kasuri, who joined the PTI after quitting his faction of the PML-Q. In a bitter intra-PTI struggle, Kasuri’s enormous wealth, appetite for power politics and determination to stand from NA-140, where his ancestral village is located, gave him the edge over Ali.

Now, Ali has revenge on his mind. “Oxford always beats Cambridge,” the St John’s College alumnus said of his rival, Kasuri. But Ali is no longer considered the front-runner. He appears to have been overtaken by Kasuri, who has won over an influential ally, a 27-year PPP veteran who quit the party earlier this month to join the PTI, and by a winner of the Feb 2012 by-election, Malik Rasheed, who won as an independent on the seat vacated by Ali and has since joined the PML-N.

Rural politics On a long drive to a village meeting in this rural constituency, Khurshid Kasuri explained why, in his reckoning, he had lost the 2008 election to Assef Ahmad Ali in NA-140.

“The death of Benazir certainly was a factor. But more than that, my wings had been cut off by Pervaiz Elahi,” Kasuri said, referring to his two Punjab Assembly running mates, who covertly supported Assef in the 2008 race. Elahi, according to Kasuri, saw Kasuri as a potential rival for the prime minister slot in 2008 and wanted him side-lined.

“In 20 years, I’ve never mentioned Assef in a single race. He talks about me in every speech, in every conversation. I talk about only issues,” Kasuri said of the 2013 race.

“It’s not for me to say who is strong or weak (as a candidate) but Malik Rasheed has a lot of support,” Kasuri replied, when pressed about who he sees as his main rival.

What is clear, though, in this rural constituency south of Lahore is that party affiliation matters little, with perhaps only the PML-N able to claim some support. Of the four main candidates — Azeemuddin Lakhvi lost the NA-140 by-election to Rasheed by less than a hundred votes — every single one of them has changed parties since 2008.

“As you get further away from Lahore and into the rural areas, it becomes more and more about the dharras and biradiris. It’s a reality that you can’t ignore,” Kasuri said.

So while Kasuri did talk about Imran Khan and the PTI at his meeting with a small group of potential voters in a field, his principal campaign planks are the big-ticket development projects carried out during his 2002-07 term and dharra/biradiri support.

Kasuri’s biggest coup has been to lure across Muhammad Hussain Dogar, the PPP veteran who is now Kasuri’s running mate. Dogar had wanted to contest NA-140 on a PPP ticket but found his way blocked by Azeemuddin Lakhvi, who joined the PML-Q after his narrow by-election loss in 2012.

“Kasuri has killed two birds with one stone. Dogar could have been a rival on NA-140 and would have taken votes with him, but now he is Kasuri’s ally,” Saleemur Rehman, a local journalist, explained.

Kasuri himself was unapologetic about the apparent disconnect between the kind of politics it takes to win in rural Kasur and the PTI’s message of change. “Change is an overall thing. If 80 per cent are new faces (in the PTI), what’s the harm if 20 per cent are established faces. You need that 20 per cent.”

Local support Up against two formidable figures, Khurshid Kasuri and Assef Ahmad Ali, and a third opponent, Azeemuddin Lakhvi, who relies on a substantial Ahl-e-Hadith vote bank, Malik Rasheed, the PML-N candidate, has fought his way to the front by practising a very local kind of politics.

“For 35, 40 years, this constituency, NA-140, was an orphan constituency. Lakhvi, Kasuri, Assef, none of them have their roots here and none of them live here,” claimed Rasheed. “I am a people’s man. My dera is always open, I’m always available, the people’s thanna-katchery problems are solved,” Rasheed continued, eating a small bowl of fruit mixed with cream.

“Arain, Dogar and Kamboh are the biggest biradiris here. I don’t belong to any of them and yet I won,” Rasheed said of his by-election victory, his first National Assembly contest, which he won as an independent after the PML-N left Rasheed and Lakhvi to fight for the seat and the party nomination.

Now, having secured the PML-N ticket, Rasheed expects a boost. “Had I got the PML-N ticket, I would have got sixty-five or seventy thousand votes,” Rasheed said of his 2012 victory, in which he captured 47,000 votes.

PML-N (Rasheed) vs PTI (Kasuri) vs Independent (Assef Ahmad Ali) vs PML-Q (Lakhvi) —- the four-way contest in NA-140 has made victory impossible to predict. While rivals are quick to downplay Azeemuddin Lakhvi’s base as a narrow, purely religious vote bank, Lakhvi is very much the dark horse.

According to Manzoor Ahmed, a senior PPP leader in Kasur, Lakhvi, the son of a famed Ahl-e-Hadith leader who won multiple elections, could benefit from the crowded field: “The other three, their bases are all in one of the two provincial-assembly seats (which fall under NA-140). Lakhvi is on his own in the other one. You really can’t write him off.”

Notes from central Punjab

THERE won’t be an election. Voters aren’t quite sure why or how, but they appear convinced: there won’t be an election.

Is it Zardari? Kayani? The Taliban? The court? The election gods? Who or what exactly will forestall the election? There is no consistent, or even dominant, theory. It’s just an amorphous feeling out there, a hope even, that somehow there won’t be an election.

Where did the feeling come from? Folk can’t pinpoint it; it’s just there, a nagging thought at the back of their minds. It’s the first question they ask when you ask them about the elections: are you sure there is going to be an election, they counter.

When told that the election, on time, on May 11, is as much a certainty as anything can be in Pakistan, they shrug. “Pata nahin. Humein nahi lagta.”

Candidates too are wary, but theirs is a fear of a different kind. Turnout will be low, most say. Somehow, the public just doesn’t seem all that interested in the election.

It’s not just that the campaigns have started very late. Constituency politicians have a feel for the electorate in a way that goes beyond hard maths and logic. And many are sensing the electorate has tuned out, if it had ever tuned in to begin with.

Some, though, are fearing the silent voter. He’s the guy who seems uninterested, who won’t turn up at jalsas or corner meetings and who’ll turn away candidates and their supporters knocking on his door. But come election day, he’ll make his way to the polling station and deliver a knockout punch.

Never have voter and candidate both been so wracked by uncertainty. It’s a funny mood out there at the moment.

Thug love: A rule of thumb, particularly in rural politics: the worse the stories about a candidate, the stronger his vote bank.

He’s a thug; his goons are everywhere. He’s corrupt. He’s immoral. He’ll steal your chickens and slaughter your goats. He’ll sell his mother and sister and his grandmother too for votes. And he’ll likely win.

This isn’t rural Sindh or south Punjab — voters aren’t enslaved and the competition can be intense. How does a candidate manage to be both a thug and a winner? By being very, very clever.

The thug is also a people’s guy. His dera is always open, his phone always on, his people ready to serve. He’ll attend every funeral and will arrive at every wedding with an envelope in hand.

He’ll talk like you, eat like you and live like you — except his house will be much bigger and his vehicle of choice an SUV. If you’re his voter, he’ll move heaven and earth to fix a problem you have.

That’s the good part.

The nasty side is equally real. The thug-winner has an elaborate network of facilitators, smaller thugs and henchmen. The money he skims off contracts or earns through his criminal enterprise is shared — though far from equally — with his network.

Sharing the loot wins him loyalty and the loyal network delivers him votes from mohalla to mohalla, street to street and door to door. So what the soft touch can’t win over, intimidation and threats can.

Chaudhry sahib needs your vote. If you don’t happen to need a helping hand and aren’t impressed by his rustic charm, his elaborate network of facilitators, smaller thugs and henchmen will coax you into doing the right thing.

It is, though, the most delicate of arts. Push too hard and the thug-winner can go from being feared but respected to being loathed — meaning he’d start to lose. Play it too soft and an upstart will replace you soon enough.

To find the winner in any given constituency, you don’t necessarily have to look at the numbers. Just listen carefully to voters’ stories and identify the guy who is respected and feared, or sometimes loved and hated, in equal parts — that’s your guy, the thug-winner.

Lahore Lahore aye: It’s not just south Punjab that is envious of Lahore and the money lavished on it; money which has made possible Lahore’s wide boulevards, manicured lawns and jangla bus service

Much of central Punjab, particularly in the districts along the border with India, has serious Lahore envy too. And it should. Gas pipelines have only now reached parts of it, the educational and health infrastructure is below par, and the road network is far from the best.

But the PML-N isn’t apologetic about the attention lavished on Lahore. Far from it.

“How many of you have travelled on the jangla bus?” a PML-N candidate asked at a corner meeting in an obviously poor neighbourhood far from Lahore. A few hands shot up.

“Didn’t you feel like you were in Dubai?” the PML-N leader exclaimed. “Shahbaz Sharif is the only leader who could get it done. It took Turkey three years to build, but Shahbaz sahib did it in 11 months.”

Small matter that the road to Lahore, some 100km away, is a heavily potholed single track on which accidents are frequent.

“Aren’t we also Pakistanis? Aren’t we also a part of Punjab?” a PML-N rival asked rhetorically, denouncing what he saw as a disproportionate and unjust focus on Lahore.

Along the 100-km, potholed road to Lahore, a local complained, “When we go to Lahore, we get very angry. Lahore gets four-billion-rupee bridges and we have to put our lives in danger just to travel in our own district.”

Driving into Lahore, the injustice of the contrast is impossible to ignore: central Punjab has a point; its grouse is legitimate. But it doesn’t have a choice. It will vote Sharif.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

A fierce contest in a rural outpost

SHAKARGARH: In this tehsil famed for its Basmati rice and inextricably linked to the Kashmir dispute - Shakargarh was a part of Gurdaspur district in India before Partition - the battle for NA-116 is shaping up to be a fierce, old-fashioned wrestling match.

In one corner is Tariq Anees, the schoolteacher’s son who has risen to affluence via a politics centred on a deft touch with the public and a formidable capacity for arm-twisting. In the other corner is Danyal Aziz, son of a legendary practitioner of rural politics and the once-dominant political force in Shakargarh, Anwar Aziz.

Party affiliation here appears to matter little to an electorate that is largely rural and poor and always looking for an escape, to jobs abroad or elsewhere in Punjab. Anees won in 2008 as an independent by defeating Aziz before joining the PPP to partake in the bounties of being a government representative in a region dominated by the PML-N.

Aziz won in 2002 on a PML-Q ticket, defeating Anees, but quit the party before the 2008 election and is now the N-League’s candidate, having joined the PML-N at the end of March.

This, the third consecutive face-off between Anees and Aziz, appears set to be a real humdinger. “It will be very close,” said Azhar Inayat, a local journalist.

“After the by-election, it looked like Tariq Anees would be very hard to beat, but the situation has changed since then,” Inayat added, referring to a December by-election for a provincial assembly seat in which Anees’s candidate thumped both the PML-N contender and a candidate backed by Aziz.

Anwar Aziz, Danyal’s father who looks after constituency politics in the absence of his son, was also cautious: “Tariq Anees will be very tough to beat. When your opponent has no qualms about doing whatever it takes to win, it is always difficult. But we are prepared too this time.”

Preparation in this sprawling constituency means many things: a relentless door-to-door campaign in Shakargarh town and travelling endlessly from village-to-village to win over new voters and secure old ones; assembling teams of armed strongmen to contend with expected low-level violence on polling day; and always keeping an eye on the opponent’s moves to break potential voters with inducements and threats.

Power politics

Much as it may appear that the election is singularly fought in the villages of Shakargarh, hard bargaining in power centres far away significantly influences the race here.

Danyal Aziz, who expects a boost from capturing the PML-N ticket, said: “I met with all the parties: PTI, PML-N, PPP. They all wanted me but the PML-N made most sense (for me). Tariq Anees shed all his clothes and went running, begging for the PML-N ticket, but he didn’t get it. In the end, merit prevailed.”

Anees dismissed Aziz’s claim as “propaganda”, but did admit, “I was offered two tickets by Ahsan Iqbal but I didn’t open any negotiations with them (PML-N). I don’t need it.”

Behind those claims and counter-claims lies a tale of raw power politics, the kind that often determines to which party a particular seat in Punjab goes. According to sources speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss behind-the-scenes negotiations, the PML-N ticket eventually fell to Aziz after Ahsan Iqbal, the senior N-Leaguer in Narowal district, and Tariq Anees were not able to strike a deal.

The sticking point: Iqbal wanted Anees to pick as a running mate on a provincial assembly seat a relative of Iqbal’s, Rana Mannan, but Anees was reluctant to jettison his brother, Mohammad Abbas, who had won the seat in 2008 on a PML-Q ticket.

Iqbal, meanwhile, was wary of bringing Aziz into the PML-N fold because both see themselves as political players on the national stage and therefore uncomfortable allies in Narowal district, which has just three National Assembly seats. But Aziz bypassed Iqbal in opening negotiations with the PML-N, reaching out to other senior figures in the party first.

Eventually, after negotiations with Tariq Anees stalled, Ahsan Iqbal was coaxed into accepting Danyal Aziz’s PML-N candidacy. But there is a further twist in the tale: Iqbal insisted on selecting Aziz’s running mates - for the two provincial assembly seats that fall under NA-116 - much to Aziz’s chagrin.

One of Iqbal’s choices, Hafiz Shabbir, has had his candidacy rejected by the courts, opening the door for Aziz’s preferred candidate from the influential Ansari biradiri, Maulana Ghayasuddin. But the second, Rana Mannan, Iqbal’s relative whose candidacy proved the sticking point in a deal with Tariq Anees, will be Danyal Aziz’s other running mate on a provincial assembly seat.

Having running mates picked by others to suit their own, separate purposes --- as Danyal Aziz does in NA-116 but Tariq Anees doesn’t --- can be the difference between winning and losing a National Assembly seat.

Hard slog

“I have a request. For the next month, please try not to give the locals too much trouble,” Danyal Aziz urged a Rangers official in a remote village along the border with India.

In a close race, every little bit of help will count and Aziz was urging restraint on behalf of locals with small farms along the border, who frequently complain of harassment by paramilitary and army officials.

From there, following a punishing schedule of meetings neatly listed in a document that serves as Aziz’s blueprint for the campaign, Aziz continued to Babral village, a forty-five minute drive away, where no votes had been cast in his favour at the last election.

Aziz patiently listened to village leaders in Babral as they vented their anger, though the real problem had already been taken care of: Babral’s sister village, Fatwal, is Ahsan Iqbal’s ancestral home and he had opposed Aziz in 2008 --- a situation unlikely to be repeated in 2013.

For his part, Tariq Anees is relying, overtly, on his track record over the past five years and, covertly, on strong-arm tactics carrying him to victory on May 11.

“For 35 years, both father and son (Anwar and Danyal Aziz) ruled here. But not one kilometre of road was built, not one school was upgraded and not one dispensary was properly supplied,” Anees alleged, speaking at his large home in Shakargarh town.

“I have brought Sui gas here, a passport office has been opened, a sewerage system has been built in the city for the first time, and I have constructed much-needed bridges,” Anees continued. “We won by a massive margin (in the Dec by-election). What great sin can I have committed in three months that the voters will turn against me?”

A fierce contest in a rural outpost

— File Photo

SHAKARGARH: In this tehsil famed for its Basmati rice and inextricably linked to the Kashmir dispute - Shakargarh was a part of Gurdaspur district in India before Partition - the battle for NA-116 is shaping up to be a fierce, old-fashioned wrestling match.

In one corner is Tariq Anees, the schoolteacher’s son who has risen to affluence via a politics centred on a deft touch with the public and a formidable capacity for arm-twisting. In the other corner is Danyal Aziz, son of a legendary practitioner of rural politics and the once-dominant political force in Shakargarh, Anwar Aziz.

Party affiliation here appears to matter little to an electorate that is largely rural and poor and always looking for an escape, to jobs abroad or elsewhere in Punjab. Anees won in 2008 as an independent by defeating Aziz before joining the PPP to partake in the bounties of being a government representative in a region dominated by the PML-N.

Aziz won in 2002 on a PML-Q ticket, defeating Anees, but quit the party before the 2008 election and is now the N-League’s candidate, having joined the PML-N at the end of March.

This, the third consecutive face-off between Anees and Aziz, appears set to be a real humdinger. “It will be very close,” said Azhar Inayat, a local journalist.

“After the by-election, it looked like Tariq Anees would be very hard to beat, but the situation has changed since then,” Inayat added, referring to a December by-election for a provincial assembly seat in which Anees’s candidate thumped both the PML-N contender and a candidate backed by Aziz.

Anwar Aziz, Danyal’s father who looks after constituency politics in the absence of his son, was also cautious: “Tariq Anees will be very tough to beat. When your opponent has no qualms about doing whatever it takes to win, it is always difficult. But we are prepared too this time.”

Preparation in this sprawling constituency means many things: a relentless door-to-door campaign in Shakargarh town and travelling endlessly from village-to-village to win over new voters and secure old ones; assembling teams of armed strongmen to contend with expected low-level violence on polling day; and always keeping an eye on the opponent’s moves to break potential voters with inducements and threats.

Power politics

Much as it may appear that the election is singularly fought in the villages of Shakargarh, hard bargaining in power centres far away significantly influences the race here.

Danyal Aziz, who expects a boost from capturing the PML-N ticket, said: “I met with all the parties: PTI, PML-N, PPP. They all wanted me but the PML-N made most sense (for me). Tariq Anees shed all his clothes and went running, begging for the PML-N ticket, but he didn’t get it. In the end, merit prevailed.”

Anees dismissed Aziz’s claim as “propaganda”, but did admit, “I was offered two tickets by Ahsan Iqbal but I didn’t open any negotiations with them (PML-N). I don’t need it.”

Behind those claims and counter-claims lies a tale of raw power politics, the kind that often determines to which party a particular seat in Punjab goes. According to sources speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss behind-the-scenes negotiations, the PML-N ticket eventually fell to Aziz after Ahsan Iqbal, the senior N-Leaguer in Narowal district, and Tariq Anees were not able to strike a deal.

The sticking point: Iqbal wanted Anees to pick as a running mate on a provincial assembly seat a relative of Iqbal’s, Rana Mannan, but Anees was reluctant to jettison his brother, Mohammad Abbas, who had won the seat in 2008 on a PML-Q ticket.

Iqbal, meanwhile, was wary of bringing Aziz into the PML-N fold because both see themselves as political players on the national stage and therefore uncomfortable allies in Narowal district, which has just three National Assembly seats. But Aziz bypassed Iqbal in opening negotiations with the PML-N, reaching out to other senior figures in the party first.

Eventually, after negotiations with Tariq Anees stalled, Ahsan Iqbal was coaxed into accepting Danyal Aziz’s PML-N candidacy. But there is a further twist in the tale: Iqbal insisted on selecting Aziz’s running mates - for the two provincial assembly seats that fall under NA-116 - much to Aziz’s chagrin.

One of Iqbal’s choices, Hafiz Shabbir, has had his candidacy rejected by the courts, opening the door for Aziz’s preferred candidate from the influential Ansari biradiri, Maulana Ghayasuddin. But the second, Rana Mannan, Iqbal’s relative whose candidacy proved the sticking point in a deal with Tariq Anees, will be Danyal Aziz’s other running mate on a provincial assembly seat.

Having running mates picked by others to suit their own, separate purposes --- as Danyal Aziz does in NA-116 but Tariq Anees doesn’t --- can be the difference between winning and losing a National Assembly seat.

Hard slog

“I have a request. For the next month, please try not to give the locals too much trouble,” Danyal Aziz urged a Rangers official in a remote village along the border with India.

In a close race, every little bit of help will count and Aziz was urging restraint on behalf of locals with small farms along the border, who frequently complain of harassment by paramilitary and army officials.

From there, following a punishing schedule of meetings neatly listed in a document that serves as Aziz’s blueprint for the campaign, Aziz continued to Babral village, a forty-five minute drive away, where no votes had been cast in his favour at the last election.

Aziz patiently listened to village leaders in Babral as they vented their anger, though the real problem had already been taken care of: Babral’s sister village, Fatwal, is Ahsan Iqbal’s ancestral home and he had opposed Aziz in 2008 --- a situation unlikely to be repeated in 2013.

For his part, Tariq Anees is relying, overtly, on his track record over the past five years and, covertly, on strong-arm tactics carrying him to victory on May 11.

“For 35 years, both father and son (Anwar and Danyal Aziz) ruled here. But not one kilometre of road was built, not one school was upgraded and not one dispensary was properly supplied,” Anees alleged, speaking at his large home in Shakargarh town.

“I have brought Sui gas here, a passport office has been opened, a sewerage system has been built in the city for the first time, and I have constructed much-needed bridges,” Anees continued. “We won by a massive margin (in the Dec by-election). What great sin can I have committed in three months that the voters will turn against me?”

A fierce contest in a rural outpost

SHAKARGARH: In this tehsil famed for its Basmati rice and inextricably linked to the Kashmir dispute – Shakargarh was a part of Gurdaspur district in India before Partition – the battle for NA-116 is shaping up to be a fierce, old-fashioned wrestling match.

In one corner is Tariq Anees, the schoolteacher’s son who has risen to affluence via a politics centred on a deft touch with the public and a formidable capacity for arm-twisting. In the other corner is Danyal Aziz, son of a legendary practitioner of rural politics and the once-dominant political force in Shakargarh, Anwar Aziz.

Party affiliation here appears to matter little to an electorate that is largely rural and poor and always looking for an escape, to jobs abroad or elsewhere in Punjab. Anees won in 2008 as an independent by defeating Aziz before joining the PPP to partake in the bounties of being a government representative in a region dominated by the PML-N.

Aziz won in 2002 on a PML-Q ticket, defeating Anees, but quit the party before the 2008 election and is now the N-League’s candidate, having joined the PML-N at the end of March.

This, the third consecutive face-off between Anees and Aziz, appears set to be a real humdinger. “It will be very close,” said Azhar Inayat, a local journalist.

“After the by-election, it looked like Tariq Anees would be very hard to beat, but the situation has changed since then,” Inayat added, referring to a December by-election for a provincial assembly seat in which Anees’s candidate thumped both the PML-N contender and a candidate backed by Aziz.

Anwar Aziz, Danyal’s father who looks after constituency politics in the absence of his son, was also cautious: “Tariq Anees will be very tough to beat. When your opponent has no qualms about doing whatever it takes to win, it is always difficult. But we are prepared too this time.”

Preparation in this sprawling constituency means many things: a relentless door-to-door campaign in Shakargarh town and travelling endlessly from village-to-village to win over new voters and secure old ones; assembling teams of armed strongmen to contend with expected low-level violence on polling day; and always keeping an eye on the opponent’s moves to break potential voters with inducements and threats.

Power politics

Much as it may appear that the election is singularly fought in the villages of Shakargarh, hard bargaining in power centres far away significantly influences the race here.

Danyal Aziz, who expects a boost from capturing the PML-N ticket, said: “I met with all the parties: PTI, PML-N, PPP. They all wanted me but the PML-N made most sense (for me). Tariq Anees shed all his clothes and went running, begging for the PML-N ticket, but he didn’t get it. In the end, merit prevailed.”

Anees dismissed Aziz’s claim as “propaganda”, but did admit, “I was offered two tickets by Ahsan Iqbal but I didn’t open any negotiations with them (PML-N). I don’t need it.”

Behind those claims and counter-claims lies a tale of raw power politics, the kind that often determines to which party a particular seat in Punjab goes. According to sources speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss behind-the-scenes negotiations, the PML-N ticket eventually fell to Aziz after Ahsan Iqbal, the senior N-Leaguer in Narowal district, and Tariq Anees were not able to strike a deal.

The sticking point: Iqbal wanted Anees to pick as a running mate on a provincial assembly seat a relative of Iqbal’s, Rana Mannan, but Anees was reluctant to jettison his brother, Mohammad Abbas, who had won the seat in 2008 on a PML-Q ticket.

Iqbal, meanwhile, was wary of bringing Aziz into the PML-N fold because both see themselves as political players on the national stage and therefore uncomfortable allies in Narowal district, which has just three National Assembly seats. But Aziz bypassed Iqbal in opening negotiations with the PML-N, reaching out to other senior figures in the party first.

Eventually, after negotiations with Tariq Anees stalled, Ahsan Iqbal was coaxed into accepting Danyal Aziz’s PML-N candidacy. But there is a further twist in the tale: Iqbal insisted on selecting Aziz’s running mates – for the two provincial assembly seats that fall under NA-116 – much to Aziz’s chagrin.

One of Iqbal’s choices, Hafiz Shabbir, has had his candidacy rejected by the courts, opening the door for Aziz’s preferred candidate from the influential Ansari biradiri, Maulana Ghayasuddin. But the second, Rana Mannan, Iqbal’s relative whose candidacy proved the sticking point in a deal with Tariq Anees, will be Danyal Aziz’s other running mate on a provincial assembly seat.

Having running mates picked by others to suit their own, separate purposes — as Danyal Aziz does in NA-116 but Tariq Anees doesn’t — can be the difference between winning and losing a National Assembly seat.

Hard slog

“I have a request. For the next month, please try not to give the locals too much trouble,” Danyal Aziz urged a Rangers official in a remote village along the border with India.

In a close race, every little bit of help will count and Aziz was urging restraint on behalf of locals with small farms along the border, who frequently complain of harassment by paramilitary and army officials.

From there, following a punishing schedule of meetings neatly listed in a document that serves as Aziz’s blueprint for the campaign, Aziz continued to Babral village, a forty-five minute drive away, where no votes had been cast in his favour at the last election.

Aziz patiently listened to village leaders in Babral as they vented their anger, though the real problem had already been taken care of: Babral’s sister village, Fatwal, is Ahsan Iqbal’s ancestral home and he had opposed Aziz in 2008 — a situation unlikely to be repeated in 2013.

For his part, Tariq Anees is relying, overtly, on his track record over the past five years and, covertly, on strong-arm tactics carrying him to victory on May 11.

“For 35 years, both father and son (Anwar and Danyal Aziz) ruled here. But not one kilometre of road was built, not one school was upgraded and not one dispensary was properly supplied,” Anees alleged, speaking at his large home in Shakargarh town.

“I have brought Sui gas here, a passport office has been opened, a sewerage system has been built in the city for the first time, and I have constructed much-needed bridges,” Anees continued. “We won by a massive margin (in the Dec by-election). What great sin can I have committed in three months that the voters will turn against me?”

A fierce contest in a rural outpost

SHAKARGARH: In this tehsil famed for its Basmati rice and inextricably linked to the Kashmir dispute --- Shakargarh was a part of Gurdaspur district in India before Partition --- the battle for NA-116 is shaping up to be a fierce, old-fashioned wrestling match.

In one corner is Tariq Anees, the schoolteacher’s son who has risen to affluence via a politics centred on a deft touch with the public and a formidable capacity for arm-twisting. In the other corner is Danyal Aziz, son of a legendary practitioner of rural politics and the once-dominant political force in Shakargarh, Anwar Aziz.

Party affiliation here appears to matter little to an electorate that is largely rural and poor and always looking for an escape, to jobs abroad or elsewhere in Punjab. Anees won in 2008 as an independent by defeating Aziz before joining the PPP to partake in the bounties of being a government representative in a region dominated by the PML-N.

Aziz won in 2002 on a PML-Q ticket, defeating Anees, but quit the party before the 2008 election and is now the N-League’s candidate, having joined the PML-N at the end of March.

This, the third consecutive face-off between Anees and Aziz, appears set to be a real humdinger. “It will be very close,” said Azhar Inayat, a local journalist.

“After the by-election, it looked like Tariq Anees would be very hard to beat, but the situation has changed since then,” Inayat added, referring to a December by-election for a provincial assembly seat in which Anees’s candidate thumped both the PML-N contender and a candidate backed by Aziz.

Anwar Aziz, Danyal’s father who looks after constituency politics in the absence of his son, was also cautious: “Tariq Anees will be very tough to beat. When your opponent has no qualms about doing whatever it takes to win, it is always difficult. But we are prepared too this time.”

Preparation in this sprawling constituency means many things: a relentless door-to-door campaign in Shakargarh town and travelling endlessly from village-to-village to win over new voters and secure old ones; assembling teams of armed strongmen to contend with expected low-level violence on polling day; and always keeping an eye on the opponent’s moves to break potential voters with inducements and threats.

Power politics

Much as it may appear that the election is singularly fought in the villages of Shakargarh, hard bargaining in power centres far away significantly influences the race here.

Danyal Aziz, who expects a boost from capturing the PML-N ticket, said: “I met with all the parties: PTI, PML-N, PPP. They all wanted me but the PML-N made most sense (for me). Tariq Anees shed all his clothes and went running, begging for the PML-N ticket, but he didn’t get it. In the end, merit prevailed.”

Anees dismissed Aziz’s claim as “propaganda”, but did admit, “I was offered two tickets by Ahsan Iqbal but I didn’t open any negotiations with them (PML-N). I don’t need it.”

Behind those claims and counter-claims lies a tale of raw power politics, the kind that often determines to which party a particular seat in Punjab goes. According to sources speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss behind-the-scenes negotiations, the PML-N ticket eventually fell to Aziz after Ahsan Iqbal, the senior N-Leaguer in Narowal district, and Tariq Anees were not able to strike a deal.

The sticking point: Iqbal wanted Anees to pick as a running mate on a provincial assembly seat a relative of Iqbal’s, Rana Mannan, but Anees was reluctant to jettison his brother, Mohammad Abbas, who had won the seat in 2008 on a PML-Q ticket.

Iqbal, meanwhile, was wary of bringing Aziz into the PML-N fold because both see themselves as political players on the national stage and therefore uncomfortable allies in Narowal district, which has just three National Assembly seats. But Aziz bypassed Iqbal in opening negotiations with the PML-N, reaching out to other senior figures in the party first.

Eventually, after negotiations with Tariq Anees stalled, Ahsan Iqbal was coaxed into accepting Danyal Aziz’s PML-N candidacy. But there is a further twist in the tale: Iqbal insisted on selecting Aziz’s running mates --- for the two provincial assembly seats that fall under NA-116 --- much to Aziz’s chagrin.

One of Iqbal’s choices, Hafiz Shabbir, has had his candidacy rejected by the courts, opening the door for Aziz’s preferred candidate from the influential Ansari biradiri, Maulana Ghayasuddin. But the second, Rana Mannan, Iqbal’s relative whose candidacy proved the sticking point in a deal with Tariq Anees, will be Danyal Aziz’s other running mate on a provincial assembly seat.

Having running mates picked by others to suit their own, separate purposes --- as Danyal Aziz does in NA-116 but Tariq Anees doesn’t --- can be the difference between winning and losing a National Assembly seat.

Hard slog

“I have a request. For the next month, please try not to give the locals too much trouble,” Danyal Aziz urged a Rangers official in a remote village along the border with India.

In a close race, every little bit of help will count and Aziz was urging restraint on behalf of locals with small farms along the border, who frequently complain of harassment by paramilitary and army officials.

From there, following a punishing schedule of meetings neatly listed in a document that serves as Aziz’s blueprint for the campaign, Aziz continued to Babral village, a forty-five minute drive away, where no votes had been cast in his favour at the last election.

Aziz patiently listened to village leaders in Babral as they vented their anger, though the real problem had already been taken care of: Babral’s sister village, Fatwal, is Ahsan Iqbal’s ancestral home and he had opposed Aziz in 2008 --- a situation unlikely to be repeated in 2013.

For his part, Tariq Anees is relying, overtly, on his track record over the past five years and, covertly, on strong-arm tactics carrying him to victory on May 11.

“For 35 years, both father and son (Anwar and Danyal Aziz) ruled here. But not one kilometre of road was built, not one school was upgraded and not one dispensary was properly supplied,” Anees alleged, speaking at his large home in Shakargarh town.

“I have brought Sui gas here, a passport office has been opened, a sewerage system has been built in the city for the first time, and I have constructed much-needed bridges,” Anees continued. “We won by a massive margin (in the Dec by-election). What great sin can I have committed in three months that the voters will turn against me?”

A stalwart faces a challenge from an upstart

Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) contender in NA-117 Ahsan Iqbal. — File Photo

NAROWAL: It’s 10pm in this small town near the border with India and Kashmir and Ahsan Iqbal is standing on a road in front of a poor neighbourhood. A horse is dancing to the beat of a dhol as Iqbal looks on surrounded by a few dozen cheering supporters.

After a few minutes, with the horse leading the way, Iqbal makes his way into a pitch-dark lane towards a makeshift stage with a few dozen chairs placed in front of it. As Iqbal takes his seat on the stage, a handful of five rupee notes are thrown in the air and children scramble to grab them.

Of such ‘corner meetings’ will be built Iqbal’s election campaign and the thrice-elected PML-N MNA is the prohibitive favourite in this largely rural constituency, NA-117.

“The last time (in 2008) the two main complaints against Ahsan Iqbal were that he doesn’t stay in touch with his constituency and there had been little development,” explained Iqbal Ali Javed, a local journalist. “Over the last five years, he’s fixed that to a great extent and the people’s complaints have gone down a great deal.”

Today, Ahsan Iqbal’s fingerprints are visible all over the constituency: the town stands transformed by massive road projects while schools have been upgraded across the rural areas. Sui gas has finally made its way to the district, addressing a major political grouse over the decades.

For all his success, though, Iqbal is already in full campaign mode and appears to be looking over his shoulder. The threat, to the extent there is one, quickly becomes apparent at the corner meeting.

“Imran Khan wasn’t able to manage his own house, how will he look after politics?” thundered a heavily bearded, black-turbaned man on the stage, warming up the 100-strong crowd for Iqbal. “Imran Khan found his Jewish wife more appropriate to raise his own children.”

PTI rival At his home later, Iqbal explained the key to winning an election: “It’s like a three-digit lock on a briefcase. One digit is the party, the other is the candidate’s personal vote bank and the third is the grouping and dharra. Only when the three are aligned does the briefcase open.”

He added, “Development can make you lose an election, if you haven’t done any, but on its own it’s not enough to ensure victory.”

If he is to win a fourth term on May 11, Iqbal will likely have to beat Abrarul Haq, the presumptive PTI candidate. While Haq has now begun his campaign and banners advertising his candidacy dot the constituency, the PTI has not officially declared him as their candidate yet. Haq also faces a strong rival within the PTI, Javed Safdar Kahlon, a former district nazim who got his wife elected as a PML-Q MNA in 2002 by defeating Ahsan Iqbal.

As a wealthy Jat in a constituency where Jats are the largest, though a generally poor, biradiri, Haq is relying on two factors to help him win votes: one, as a philanthropist who set up the Sughra Shafi Medical Complex, named after Haq’s late mother; and two, as a member of a family that has been active in constituency politics. Haq, himself new to politics, also has the name-recognition factor: his successful career as a pop singer has made him a household name.

Sahir Ali Shah, a local businessman, explained the appeal of the PTI and Haq’s vote-getting potential: “Tabdeeli (change) is not about roads and gas connections. People are sick of the system: there is no justice, there is corruption, there is unemployment. That’s what they want to change.

“But Abrar doesn’t live here and hasn’t helped anyone. He will get votes from his native area because he is a chaudhry and people are beholden to him.”

Rural campaign

“In 1993, when I first won, if one chaudhry in a UC (union council) said yes to voting for me, then I could sit back and forget about it. All the votes would be mine,” Ahsan Iqbal said, explaining the changing nature of rural politics. “Now, no one person, not even two, three or five people sometimes, can deliver a UC. Everyone wants direct access to their representative. There is awareness.”

And with awareness comes an arduous campaign in this sprawling constituency of 600 villages, home to many subsistence farmers and a large number of rural labourers. Abrarul Haq, counter-intuitively for a PTI candidate but because of his rural family base, is desperately playing catch up in NA-117 by rushing from village to village in the company of his political relatives.

In Mulukpur, seated on a charpai under a tree in the garden of one the village’s larger homes, Haq met a group of around 50 potential voters. “Our campaign has started very late because there was a problem with tickets. But that’s because in PTI everything is done by merit, not nepotism,” Haq said.“Go to your own areas, speak to people, phone them, there’s very little time left,” Haq exhorted the small gathering. “Please also don’t forget that there’s a large number of women voters here. We need the women to vote and soon my wife and the women of my family will come here to campaign,” he added.

While PTI and Haq are expected to put up a fight, Irfan Ali Javed, the local journalist, explained the reason why Ahsan Iqbal is still the candidate to beat: “Abrar will win votes because of the Jat-ism slogan. But he hasn’t given Ahsan much to worry about yet because he’s new. A better (PTI) candidate would have been Khalon (the former district nazim). If they join up, then they can give Ahsan a tough time.”

Whether Kahlon, who has lobbied hard for the PTI ticket in NA-117 but may end up as a provincial assembly candidate, will rally behind Haq is an open question, even for Haq.

Otherwise, too, the pop star is realistic about his chances: “75 per cent is with Ahsan and PML-N. 25 per cent is with us at the moment. Let’s see, the weeks ahead could change things,” Haq said before hurrying off to his next village meeting.

Wary of the unpredictable nature of politics, Ahsan Iqbal is not taking anything for granted either. At his late-evening corner meeting, Iqbal hammered away at the experience factor in his stump speech:

“Imran Khan has no experience. At the town, district, provincial or central level he has no experience whatsoever. How can he lead when he has no experience? Only PML-N has both the passion and the experience to deliver.”

“Look around you. In five years, we haven’t made Narowal into Paris yet but it is already half a Paris,” he said to cheers.

A woman’s touch wins over a rural electorate

PPP MNA, Firdous Ashiq Awan. — File Photo

KUBEY CHAK: In an area dominated by men and the PML-N, Firdous Ashiq Awan is a double anomaly: a woman on a directly elected seat and a PPP MNA. But in this solidly rural constituency, adjacent to Sialkot city and hugely influenced by birdarism and thanna-katchery politics, Awan has fought her way to the top in the most old fashioned of ways.

Since her maiden victory in 2008 — she entered parliament as a PML-Q MNA on a reserved seat in 2002 — Awan has adroitly meshed state resources and personal politics to establish herself as the woman to beat in NA-111.

Her home and office are in a massive complex festooned with PPP flags and banners that dwarfs every other structure in the village — the very same complex whose front houses a Nadra and passport office, a signature accomplishment of Awan’s last term.

Across the street are parked the dozen or so buses donated by former Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani that shuttle between Sialkot city and this rural constituency, a free service provided to Awan’s constituents. Painted on the sides of the buses are portraits of PPP leaders, a handy mobile advertisement for Awan.

Sui gas connections, a phenomenal number of Benazir Income Support Programme recipients, a relentless focus on accommodating her constituents, helping them navigate the fraught world of the thanna and katchery, and cannily courting the dominant Gujjar and Arain biradiris are further elements of Awan’s recipe for success.

“Bibi has done a lot of work in her constituency and she will be the hardest to beat,” said Arif Mehmood, a local journalist. “She spent a lot of time in her constituency during the last parliament, is always accessible to the people and works very, very hard.

THANNA-KATCHERY

“Getting someone caught or getting someone freed. That’s it,” is how Firdous Ashiq Awan explained the imperative of a successful politician in NA-111. It took little more than a minute to witness an illustration. A young man with tears in his eyes walked in and took a seat across Awan. Thugs had barged into his home drunkenly the night before and roughed up the young man and his family because they had voted for Awan at the last election instead of their own Gujjar biradiri candidate.

Immediately, Awan got on the phone, and for the next five minutes she spoke to police officers and sundry officials, demanding that an FIR be registered and the young man’s family and neighbourhood be protected.

Since the caretaker Punjab government had just replaced the entire district administration, Awan had to alternately coax and be severe with the new voices on the other side of the line.

Once done with working the phones, she turned to the young man and gently told him not to worry and that his family would be safe. Then she turned to an aide fervently scribbling in a notebook. “Get me a list of all the new SHOs, their names and their numbers and have it placed here,” she said, pointing towards the underside of the glass top on her desk.

“I’m not expecting a tough fight, I’m comfortable,” Awan said when asked about her re-election prospects. “For 22 years, Chaudhry Ameer Hussain (the former PML-Q strongman) just focused on the politics of biradiri, not on facilities to the people.”

“The people finally got a rescue in the form of my face. No one has to come to me through anyone, they have direct access to me and I listen to everyone,” claimed Awan.

Rivals regroup

The PML-N, which won the other three National Assembly seats in Sialkot in 2008, is not giving up without a fight in NA-111. The party has drafted in Armughan Subhani, a scion of the once-powerful Variyo family, to challenge Awan, replacing the 2008 challenger who was deemed too weak and unlikely to win.

Subhani has never contested the seat before and is known to have preferred another Sialkot constituency, but as a Gujjar from a well-known family and claiming ancestral roots in NA-111, he believes he will give Awan a tough time on her PPP ticket.

“Just look at the bad governance, the loadshedding, the unemployment, the inflation. It’s been an awful performance by the (federal) government over the last five years. People know this and they know who is responsible,” Subhani said.

In a constituency otherwise regarded as indifferent to a candidate’s party affiliation, Subhani also believes the PML-N factor across Punjab will provide a fillip in NA-111. “Not at all, it’s not true the party doesn’t matter here. It’s an overall thing and it will have a role,” Subhani said.

Awan, though, is already covering her flanks. She has drafted in a former PML-N MPA as her running mate on a provincial assembly seat, thus helping secure the Arain vote that traditionally goes to the PML-N. And while she regards Subhani as her main rival, she is counting on the Gujjar vote being split between Subhani and Ameer Hussain, the once-powerful politician whose son may contest on a PTI ticket.

Yet, while Awan is a formidable candidate, a second victory is not a foregone conclusion. According to Arif Mehmood, the local journalist, “In a couple of weeks, if a PML-N wave materialises across Punjab, Subhani will give Firdous Ashiq Awan a very, very tough time.”

Awan herself admitted the dangers of being a personally popular politician affiliated with a desperately unpopular party in central Punjab. “Loadshedding and gas shortages will hurt, it will cause damage,” Awan said. “I can only give hope but no one has a solution.”

“What I can do, I have done: provided (gas) connections, fixed transformers, installed power lines. But if there’s nothing filling those pipelines and connections…” Awan continued, her voice trailing off.

Notes from north Punjab

WATER-filtration plants. It took a while to figure out what’s going on. Education, health, gas, roads — the usual suspects in the list of voters’ development demands are all still there. But there’s been an addition: water-filtration plants.

They’re really just contraptions, the size of an ATM cubicle, designed to provide relatively clean water to a few streets in a town or to a small village. But they’re all the rage.

Every voter wants one in his neighbourhood and every candidate wants to talk about all the water-filtration plants he’s had installed.

It didn’t seem that big a deal until the dots started to connect themselves across northern Punjab: we’ve destroyed our water supply. Polluted it, overexploited it, misunderstood just how fragile it is.

All that development — those factories, big, small and tiny, dumping untreated effluent — and all that population growth — those mushrooming homes pumping out sewage into broken or non-existent sewerage systems — have left no one willing to drink the groundwater they once cherished.

It’s not just the rich folks in the cities with their evolved sensibilities who can pay absurd amounts for ‘mineral water’ that are clamouring for something else. When the poor turn en masse against a treasured resource like groundwater, something is very, very broken at the intersection of nature and humanity.

Except we don’t really hear about it because we’re more involved in the less important stuff.

PTI’s travails On to some of the less important stuff.

The PTI has enough support in enough constituencies to establish itself as a credible number two to the PML-N in north Punjab.

Number two not in a banal seat-count sense but in a more subtle sense: as the party giving the PML-N a run for its money in a clutch of seats, whether by occasionally defeating the N-League or by at least always looming large in the N-League’s rear-view mirror.

But the PTI’s election campaign is yet to get off the ground. In constituency after constituency, there’s paralysis and frustration and worse.

In a damned-if-they-did, damned-if-they-didn’t way, the PTI’s problems began after the monstrous turnout at the October 2011 Lahore rally.

Sure, you’ve got supporters but where are your candidates, the sceptics asked. OK, Imran Khan responded, I’ll get us some candidates.

The PTI flung its doors open, intent on proving it could attract electables. Strong candidates, though maybe not outright winners, walked into the party — giving the party a half-decent answer to the sceptics’ questions.

Except multiple candidates turned up on the same seat. Eventually, only one could get the ticket and now that that moment is here, it’s triggered an avalanche of pressure that’s caused the PTI high command to buckle.

If you don’t like the PTI and like your schadenfreude laid on thick, there’s plenty of I-told-you-sos to indulge in.

Undone by the initial naivety — in letting in multiple contenders for the same ticket — and compounded now by inexperience — in not anticipating the ugliness that a scramble for tickets can unleash — the PTI doesn’t come across as a serious player in a very serious game.

Once this ticket business is sorted out, the winners will have just three weeks to campaign while the losers will have the same three weeks to get over the rejection and get on with being team players. Three weeks doesn’t seem quite enough to take on a juggernaut like the PML-N with momentum on its side.

But, for all the cold, hard logic of the sceptics, there’s something out there, out in the field, that feels like a little bit of magic: the romance of PTI idealism mixed with a can-do spirit.

Naivety, inexperience, foolishness — it’s all there in the PTI.

But problematic as naivety, inexperience and foolishness are in the PTI brain trust, that same naivety, inexperience and foolishness in the PTI worker and voter could produce some surprising results on May 11.

Wait for it. There’s something to the PTI.

Election economy Tickets aside, there’s another reason why it doesn’t yet feel like election season out in the constituencies: candidates are constantly looking over their shoulders. Initially for the returning officer bogeyman and now for over-zealous election officials out to satisfy the independent ECP and even more independent Supreme Court that the letter and spirit of campaign laws are being scrupulously followed.

In your standard constituency contest, massive ‘panaflexes’ are ordered, fleets of SUVs are hired, deghs are cooked round the clock, ear-splitting megaphones are installed, fairy lights to blot out the night sky are fitted and kitschy entertainment is served up. Like shaadis are break-the-bank spectacles, elections here are over-the-top exhibitions of pomp and power.

But all of that means money, lots and lots of money; exponentially more money than ancient spending limits permit. And candidates just aren’t sure what they can get away with this time, the shadow of election officials looming longer and darker than ever before.

It’s not just about the money. As every candidate knows, or most do anyway, the campaign code of conduct is voluminous and, in the hands of over-zealous election officials, has enough grenades in it to blow up a candidacy.

Closer to the election, in a week or two, the imperative to campaign will overwhelm the present fears and the avalanche will be too big for election officials to push back against.

For now, though, it’s mostly quiet. The glummest are the service providers who thought they’d already be reaping a rich harvest from campaign fever. Spare a thought for them.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

An old warrior still leads the pack

—File Photo

SIALKOT: In a sprawling home opposite the golden arches of McDonald’s, the man with the golden touch in this northern Punjab city is quietly and confidently preparing for electoral battle yet again.

Khwaja Asif, the silver-haired PML-N impresario with the signature country drawl, has never lost an election in this wealthy, modern export hub with a politics rooted in the old ways of biradirism.

In 2002, Asif, along with a running mate on a provincial assembly ticket, was the only PML-N candidate in the entire Gujranwala division to win a seat. In 2008, his fourth National Assembly victory on the trot, Asif won by a margin of 40,000 votes, more than twice the number secured by the PPP runner-up.

This time round, Asif has also thrown his hat into the provincial assembly ring – sparking rumours that he may be eying the chief minister’s slot after the election. For all his success, though, Asif continues to deflect credit towards his boss, PML-N supremo Nawaz Sharif.

“Sialkot is PML-N territory. There’s high literacy, low unemployment and the people are low to middle middle-class. They identify with Mian Sahib’s middle-class origins,” Asif explained.

He continued: “Then there’s Mian Sahib’s pro-business policies. He finished the octroi tax, fixed the tax rates and as a result there’s massive, massive amounts of white money here. The business community has a relationship with him.”

All is far from well in Sialkot today, however. Rolling blackouts have left the city without electricity for more hours a day than with. Lengthy queues of vehicles snake around the many CNG filling stations here, when there is any gas left to pump, that is.

Chronic shutdowns at the some 6,000 small and medium enterprises that produce $1.5bn of exports a year has triggered mass layoffs and left owners complaining about the spiralling cost of business.

And there is a growing vein of resentment against Asif’s aloof and autocratic style of politics. “People like N-League, but not necessarily Khwaja Asif,” said NaeemIqbal, a local journalist. “It won’t be so easy for N-League and Khwaja to win this time.”

POWER POLITICS: Withering as the energy crisis has been for Sialkot’s economy and everyday life, a paradox quickly becomes apparent: its effect on constituency politics appears to be negligible.

A group of locals debating the electricity and gas shortages were fiercely critical of the impact on the average Sialkoti’s livelihood and daily life, but, to a man, they were also sure individual candidates would not be blamed.

“We have a caretaker government now and the power crisis is worse than ever. If they (elected politicians) did have the resources, who would be crazy enough to be abused for not using the resources?” one Sialkot resident asked.

Even owners of small- and medium-sized enterprises and exporters, while expressing frustration at the deepening energy crisis, see the crisis neither as a compelling reason to push harder for a PML-N-led federal government nor as grounds to punish the PML-N for allowing the PPP to complete an unprecedented full term.

According to Musharraf Iqbal Khwaja, a hi-tech sports apparel exporter: “At the end of the day, we’re businessmen and focus on self-interest. There is no love for anyone or any party. We just see who has the best industrial and business policy.”

For Khwaja, and many others in the hugely influential chamber of commerce here, the best option still remains the PML-N. “In 66 years, if there has been a government that has done some good, it was during the two terms of Sharif in the 1990s,” Khwaja said.

OPPONENTS DIVIDED: Complex as the politics of Sialkot city is – biradiris play a significant role as do the many business families – it can also be reduced to a simple equation: add the devotion of the electorate to Nawaz Sharif and subtract the unease felt towards KhwajaAsif to determine the margin of Asif’s eventual victory.

“Khwaja Asif doesn’t let party workers and ordinary people near him. He only has time for investors, people who can put money in his campaign,” said Saleem Kalamkar, a local journalist. “And the investors don’t do it out of love. They are scared because they know if he wins, he can set the labour department and other agencies loose on their factories.”

Imran Ashraf, a former Asif protégé and two-term MPA who recently quit the PML-N and joined the PTI to take on Asif, said: “The PML-N always wins here because no other party contests against them. The voters haven’t had a genuine alternative, a strong candidate to choose.”But the PTI, which has set its sights on the city seats (NA-110, PP-122 and PP-123), is hamstrung by uncertainty over ticket allocation. Ashraf, who is vying for the PTI ticket in NA-110 with Usman Dar, a 38-year-old first time politician, said:

“It’s unfortunate. People should have been nominated a month ago. As a new party, PTI has to go out and target all voters. The established parties only have to target people who are unhappy with them.”

Over at his campaign headquarters, Dar, surrounded by posters advertising him as the PTI candidate for PP-122, believes he has now secured the ticket for NA-110: “It’s like this: until last week, Ashraf was on NA-110, but then the decision was reviewed and the party decided I would be the better candidate.”

Dar added: “I think the decision is final. I saw a ticker on TV yesterday.”

Less encumbered by uncertainty over tickets is Arshad Mehmood Baggu, the Jamaat-i-Islami candidate for NA-110 who won an MPA seat in 2002, but stayed out in 2008 because of the JI’s nationwide boycott.

“The PTI will be a big factor,” the fast-talking Baggu said. “But the contest will be between me and Khwaja Asif.”

While wary of predicting victory, Baggu does think he has an ace up his sleeve: “The PPP came to me and said that we (the PPP) can’t defeat Khwaja Asif. So we’ll support someone who can. Firdous Ashiq Awan will withdraw her papers before the election and will support me.”

Awan, whose base is a neighbouring, rural constituency of Sialkot, is the final piece of the likely major opposition to Khwaja Asif.

Unable to find a strong candidate in NA-110 but having bagged 32,000 votes in the last election, the PPP high command has drafted in Awan to contest against Asif, in addition to her preferred seat, NA-111. Awan, though, is unsure if she will eventually contest both seats.

For Asif, seeing the popular PTI a house still divided and recognising the implausibility of the JI and PPP working together to unseat him, it is already time to start thinking about the future.

“In another five years, a new leadership (of the PML-N in Sialkot) should arise. I’ve had a long time. It’s about time,” Asif said.

The real sin

“I’M the only person in Pakistan who has been disqualified under 62/63 and who has also been certified by the Supreme Court to qualify under 62/63.”

In this season of silliness, if not outright ugliness, over the silly, if not outright ugly, constitutional disqualification clauses, Raja Afzal is a throwback to a different era.

Accused of, among other things, running gambling dens, a bootlegging operation and even being a deserter from the armed forces, Afzal, the rags-to-riches political heavyweight of Jhelum, was disqualified by the Lahore High Court after winning his 1985 election contest — the first ever disqualification under 62/63.

Afzal was eventually declared eligible as a public representative by the Supreme Court, then very much under the thumb of Zia, the man who introduced the silliness and ugliness in 62/63.

Fast forward 28 years and there’s some irony that returning officers across the land have run amok at the behest of an independent Supreme Court — and now may have been reined in by a Lahore High Court order, a mini inversion of history.

Forget the demands to recite prayers and religious incantations. Those will be no more than a quirky footnote of history. So will the educational requirement actually, but it’s more important in the present tense.

Liars, crooks and cheats our parliamentarians may be, the fake degree ones and most others too, but their true failing is something else: a craven capitulation to the right-wing.

Articles 62 and 63 — the constitutional qualification and disqualification criteria for members of the assemblies — only exist in their Zia-era guise because the committee that was tasked to clean up the constitution and that gave us the 18th Amendment was unable to say no to Maulana Fazlur Rehman and those of his right-wing ilk on the committee.

There’s a little known history to this, one that I stumbled upon when the new, 18th-Amendment text of Article 91(3) was unveiled:

“After the election of the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker, the National Assembly shall, to the exclusion of any other business, proceed to elect without debate one of its Muslim members to be the Prime Minister.” (italics added) That requirement, of the prime minister being a Muslim member of the National Assembly, has been added to the constitution by the 18th Amendment.

Curious, I asked several of the parliamentary committee members why they had decided to deny non-Muslim MNAs even the theoretical right to become prime minister.

Initially, they feigned surprise, pretending they were not aware of the change they had signed off on.

Then one offered an explanation, which I’m paraphrasing here:

“The requirement that the prime minister be a Muslim member of the house was dropped from Article 91 by Zia’s changes to the constitution in 1985 because the oath the prime minister had to take was also changed then.

“The language of the new prime ministerial oath in 1985 was such that it became redundant to specifically state in Article 91 that he be a Muslim member of the house.

“Since we were tasked with going back to the original wording of the constitution, we just lifted the text from the 1973 version and that original version included the bit about the prime minister specifically being a Muslim member of the house.” No conspiracy there, apparently.

Except there was a conspiracy: a conspiracy of silence. Fazlur Rehman had put his foot down in the committee: the Islamic provisions had to remain.

Since no one in this blessed land of ours can challenge those speaking in the name of Islam and the committee felt its primary purpose was to cleanse by consensus the Musharraf-era distortions in the constitution, a deal was made.

Maulana got to keep anything that referenced Islam in the constitution and in return he promised to back all the other changes, giving the 18th Amendment unanimous parliamentary cover.

In Article 62, the only bit Zia introduced that was expunged by the 18th Amendment: “has not been convicted for a crime involving moral turpitude or for giving false evidence”.

Everything else in 62, from sub-sections (d) to (g), the grand Islamic clauses being used to harass and disqualify candidates at present, were left untouched.

As you sow, or refuse to root out, so shall you reap.

Back in Jhelum, Raja Afzal is free to contest the elections.

In 2002, he had no degree but he did have two sons. So he got them elected in 2002 and 2008 and now that the degree requirement is gone, he intends to once again stand himself.

By all accounts, neither Afzal’s sons, the degree-holding MNAs, nor Afzal are what anyone could consider upright and upstanding citizens. The stories are legion, the allegations incredible and the proof manifold.

If Afzal had stood and won in 2002 and 2008, he probably would have no shot at winning again — because voters eventually catch on to their representatives and their misdeeds.

But now Afzal, a septuagenarian, can go to his voters and say, “Forgive what my sons have done. I’m an old man, I’ve served you well for decades, this could be last election, please vote for me.”

And Afzal could win.

As for the liars and cheats and crooks in parliament the last five years with their fake degrees and violations of sundry Islamic constitutional provisions?

They have no such fig leaf to hide behind when they face voters on May 11. But many won’t get to face the voters because 62/63 were left untouched.

Vive la démocratie.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Jhelum politically paralysed by uncertainty over tickets

— File Photo

JHELUM: Ego, ambition, greed and a bit of farce thrown in — the politics of this northern Punjab district, where clan and family affiliations dominate party considerations, has a bit of everything this election season.

Farce made an appearance yesterday in the courtroom of Additional District and Sessions Judge Mumtaz Hussain.

Designated as the returning officer for NA-62, Hussain, seated below a portrait of Jinnah, was scrutinising the nomination forms of candidates, and verifying their Islamic credentials.

When a marginal candidate, Malik Sajid, was asked to recite numerous Quranic verses, laughter rippled across the courtroom.

“This isn’t important. This is just for show,” one onlooker said to his companions, who nodded their agreement and offered their own, derisive, comments.

Next up was Farrukh Altaf, the heavyweight PML-Q candidate and two-term district nazim in the Musharraf era.

The judge flipped through Altaf’s nomination papers, asked about an outstanding telephone bill of Rs1,400 and for the candidate’s educational certificates and then turned to what appeared to be the main business of the day.

“Recite the Durood Shareef,” the judge said. Altaf, flanked on either side by his nephews, Fawad Chaudhry, a recent inductee to the PPP, and Faisal Hussain, a lawyer, smiled.

“With all the respect to the court, I object,” Faisal Hussain said.

“The court does not have the right to certify the Muslimhood of any candidate.”

“Chaudhry sahib is a very educated man,” the judge countered.

“This isn’t a test. Just say the prayer as a blessing.”

Hussain, the lawyer, continued to protest but the judge wasn’t to be deterred.

After a minute or so of arguing between the judge and Hussain, Altaf cleared his throat and softly recited the prayer.

The waiting game

Elections may be just five weeks away and six seats — two National Assembly, four provincial — are up for grabs here in Jhelum, but politics here is in a state of suspended animation.

There are no party flags in the streets, no banners by candidates, no rallies or corner meetings, and the homes and offices of the major candidates are unusually quiet.

“The tickets haven’t been finalised,” Abid Mehmood, a local journalist, said. “Until tickets are finalised, there’s nothing that can be done.

Nobody wants to spend money or put their face on a billboard if they don’t know which party ticket they will get.

It’s very quiet in the city.”

A situation replicated in many other parts of the country at the moment is especially acute in Jhelum because of a political earthquake here last December.

Raja Afzal, the dominant political force in Jhelum and a close ally of Nawaz Sharif, lost an acrimonious by-election for a Punjab Assembly seat to Khadim Hussain, a former ally of Afzal whose son, Nadeem Khadim, was disqualified from the seat, PP-26, for possessing dual nationality.

Afzal, whose sons won both NA seats in 2008 and who masterminded a sweep for PML-N in the district at the last election, was incensed by what he saw as interference by the younger Sharif, Shahbaz, and Nisar Ali Khan in Afzal’s Jhelum bailiwick.

Tucked in under a blanket in his bedroom that also doubles as his office, Afzal explained the long simmering tensions with the PML-N leadership: “In 1997, I opposed Shahbaz Sharif as CM and supported Pervaiz Elahi because I felt one family shouldn’t dominate.

I suppose Shahbaz never forgot that.

And Chaudhry Nisar just wants everything under his thumb.”

In January, Afzal quit the PML-N and joined the PPP, a move facilitated by Haji Nawaz Khokhar, an influential Islamabad-based politician, and Malik Riaz, the Bahria Town tycoon.

Jhelum’s politics were turned upside down in an instant and the dust hasn’t settled since — in part because Afzal is still hedging his bets.

Groupings trump parties “I am with Raja sahib. Whatever party he is with, I will be with at the election,” claimed Riaz Ahmed Lilla, a prospective PA candidate supported by Raja Afzal, when asked whether he had joined the PPP now that his political mentor had jumped ship.

Afzal himself was candid about his reasons for joining the PPP, even though he refused, even now, to categorically state he will contest the elections on a PPP ticket: “There is no politics of ideology anymore. There’s no Left or Right left. Is there any difference between the manifestos of any of the parties?”

He added: “I wanted to go to PTI. But when I met Imran Khan, I realised he may be a good administrator and a good captain, but he’s not a good politician.”

The pervasive political uncertainty in Jhelum at the moment has a root cause: despite having one of the highest literacy rates in Punjab and an affluent population, of which large sections have migrated to Europe, politics here is rooted in the old systems of caste and clan.

“Politics here is semi-tribal.

It’s all about family and clan.

The party isn’t such a big factor,” said Farrukh Altaf, the PML-Q candidate from NA-62 and leader of the main, Jat biradari, group pitted against Raja Afzal in Jhelum.

Chaudhry Shahbaz Hussain, an ally and relative of Altaf’s who lost both NA-62 and NA-63 to Raja Afzal’s sons when Altaf was district nazim in 2008, was also forthright:

“There’s no ideology in politics anymore. It’s just self-interest and dharras (groupings). Neither our group nor our opponents can afford to leave the field, so we contest — the party doesn’t really matter.”

New entrants Historically Raja vs anti-Raja (largely the ‘Ladhar group’ led by Farrukh Altaf), the politics of Jhelum is being shaken up by smaller players trying to elbow their way to a bigger stage.

Khadim Hussain, the octogenarian who defeated Raja Afzal in the bruising December by-election, will likely contest NA-62 on a PML-N ticket, as will another former MPA, Muhammad Saqlain, who has migrated over the past decade from the Q-League to the N-League and is now with PTI.

Saqlain, the likely PTI candidate and a fierce critic of both Raja Afzal and Farrukh Altaf, said: “All biradaris vote for me. I am a Jat, the Rajgan love me and we will have a candidate from the Gujjars.”

Nadeem Khadim, the disqualified son of Khadim Hussain, explained why his father, on NA-62, and another relative on a PA seat would be serious contenders on PML-N tickets: “There’s many Gujjars in the constituencies we will contest and we have proven our mettle.”

But the upstarts’ relentless focus on clan and personal politics tells a tale of its own.

Beyond lambasting their opponents for misdeeds, both real and alleged, there’s almost no discussion about issues — governance, development, economic performance, law and order — that could shape the election on May 11.

And where the old rules of politics still apply, the established players continue to see a path to victory.

“It’s to our good luck that our opponents are divided,” Farrukh Altaf said.

“Saqlain, Khadim Hussain and Raja Afzal were all together at the last election, meaning their groupings have been in turmoil. Ours has stayed the same. If it’s a four-way fight, we feel quite confident,” referring to a possible contest in NA-62 between PML-Q (Altaf), PTI (Saqlain), PML-N (Hussain) and PPP (Afzal).

The wiliest politician, though, remains Afzal and he is sharing little at the moment.

In his bedroom-cum-office, reclined in his bed, the septuagenarian said, “You’ll see in a few days. I’ve been around a long time. I’m not from this area and yet I’ve won so many voters over.”

“My son and I will win,” Afzal added, referring to Asad, one of his two MNA sons who joined the PPP with Afzal in January and then promptly quit the party, perhaps because of differences with his father or, more likely, because father and son are plotting their next move.

Notes from south KP, SWA

ELECTIONS don’t work. It’s always the same faces, the same failed policies, the same tired rhetoric. Nothing changes, for the better anyway.

Spend a day in DI Khan and all of that is true enough.

Fazlur Rehman and his merry band of bearded brothers have won, lost, won, lost since forever it seems — and now are poised to win again. Nothing changes, or maybe just the faces of Maulana’s opponents do. It is as depressing as depressing can get.

Spend more than a day in DI Khan and little of that seems true.

Elections do work. Slowly, incrementally, the electorate’s preferences and wants are changing. Non-delivery hurts, issues matter and voters evolve. Not quite change we can believe in yet, but change nonetheless.

The ‘city’ limits in small-town Pakistan are, predictably enough, the first to demand something else.

“Before the voters would come to us, we didn’t have to do much. Now we have to go to them, to explain our performance, to justify our promises,” a JUI-F leader admitted.

“The religion card alone doesn’t work any more. Now voters want to know what we will do for them,” the leader continued.

He went on to describe how the new crop of JUI-F political workers is often clean-shaven, educated and versatile enough to deal with tough questions from voters: why did security collapse under the MMA government; why is Maulana so soft on the killers of Shias in Balochistan; why do the Seraikis not deserve a province of their own?

The real revelation is that rural south KP is changing too — much like rural areas across Pakistan are changing. There are still the kitab voters here, the ones who see a closed-book symbol on the ballot paper and quickly put their imprint next to it — voting, in their minds, for the Quran and Islam.

But where they were once the overwhelming majority, they’re now more of a comfortable majority or, in some cases, just a plurality.

It’s because rural Pakistan isn’t quite as isolated as it once was. More kids go to school. Improved road networks mean the rural denizen is more exposed to his politicised urban counterpart and the media. Awareness impacts culture.

In South Waziristan, recently returned locals mentioned how five years of exile in Tank and DI Khan — progressive cultures by SWA tribal standards — has effected small but discernible changes on the Waziristan way of life.

Women are now sometimes allowed to go to medical camps set up outside their villages. Elders want more schools for the children. Young adults are willing to learn new trades, having seen what money can buy.

So cultures do change — slowly — and elections do work — maybe even more slowly.

The problem in the near and medium terms is the alternative: folk tire of Maulana and his rhetoric and turn to others, like the Kundis, and then discover they’re just as bad, or often even worse — because they don’t have the longevity Maulana does, they grab whatever they can, as quickly as they can.

That’s why on the first day it always seems like elections don’t work. You have to stick around longer to figure out that they do, or maybe just can, eventually, work.

Citizen 2.0 In South Waziristan, after the tenth reference to how the army had organised Kashmir Day commemorations among resettled IDPs this year, I half-jokingly asked one commanding officer, “Don’t you think these people have had enough of jihad?”

He didn’t get the joke, or pretended not to anyway.

For all the ignominious distinctions SWA has collected over the past decade, it is today home to the single most astonishing fact: in the resettled areas of the agency, there is not a single madressah in operation.

Not a single one. Sure I had misheard the fact the first few times, I asked and asked, and asked again.

There is no madressah operational in the resettled areas of SWA — making it perhaps the only patch of land in this country that Allah has blessed where the mosque-madressah-social welfare network has been dismantled.

In its place, the army has taken over and is trying to create a new generation of citizen: educated, modern, productive.

But armies are trained to build good soldiers, not good citizens — and it’s with a grimace you can see the army confusing the two in SWA.

On March 23, in a local primary school, a smartly dressed boy was delivering a clearly memorised speech on the relevance of Pakistan Day. His audience consisted of pre-adolescent schoolmates and a sizeable number of soldiers standing guard.

“Pakistan is being attacked apart by external conspirators,” the boy said, raising his voice to denounce violence in various parts of the country.

“Pakistan zindabad, Pak fauj zindabad,” he concluded, as his schoolmates clapped.

Of such contrivances are not built good citizens.

Political identities and orientations can be changed — in fact, need to be changed – in Fata, but when the wrong institution, no matter how well-meaning, sets out to do it, it either ends up as a transparent veneer, or triggers unexpected, and undesirable, consequences.

Children of Zia “There used to be wine shops at every corner, charas for sale in every bazaar lane and two hira mandis in DI Khan until 1981,” an old resident of the city said.

Alcohol, drugs and prostitution may not be lodestars of progressivism but the gent was trying to explain, juxtapose, just how far the old DI Khan has unravelled over the past 30 years and re-spooled itself on the thorn bush of extremism, intolerance and bigotry.

What’s missed, particularly from afar, though, is that sections of the population — not the aged, but among the younger lot — yearn to come full circle. They are sick of it, the violence, the hate, the bigotry.

The forces Zia unleashed have twisted the minds of many, and instilled fear in the rest.

But the old Pakistan still lies underneath, even in the heart of Zia’s Pakistan, resisting, refusing to be broken, waiting for someone to lead it the way Zia and his ghost have led his version of Pakistan. Is there anyone out there?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Returning to a helping hand, and old fears

"At its peak, across Fata, there were probably 15,000 to 20,000 (militants). In South Waziristan now, there’s probably two or three hundred," says an army official.—File Photo

JANDOLA (South Waziristan): Depending on whose perspective is given more credence, the gradual resettlement of South Waziristan’s IDPs is either one of the best-managed programmes for displaced persons in Fata or a veneer that barely masks deep unease among the Mehsud population.

The army line is clear: 82,000 families, mostly Mehsud, left South Waziristan before the start of Operation Rah-i-Nijat in Oct 2009 and over the last year 11,000 families have been resettled, while a further 15,000 will be resettled by the end of the summer. What awaits the returning population, according to the army, is security and the chance to rebuild their lives.

Money is offered to returning IDPs to rebuild their homes; shops to replace the razed bazaars are offered at concessional rates; poultry, cattle and fish farms are provided to those with the land to accommodate them; schools are being rebuilt and elite cadet colleges established; vocational training is offered to young, male adults; and a multi-pronged, under-construction road network will create a smooth trade corridor from southern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to Afghanistan.

At least for the 30km stretch between Jandola and Sararogha, many of the promises can be seen materialising on the ground. With the civilian administration completely sidelined and the army entirely in control of the rehabilitation process, young officers are keen to show off newly constructed homes, schools and water projects built under their supervision — even as they are quick to point out that such tasks are outside their primary job description as soldiers.

Is it real? Security in South Waziristan, the cornerstone of the rehabilitation process, is a question of thirds. In elaborate PowerPoint presentations — sometimes set to mood-appropriate music to highlight the destruction since 2009 and the recovery over the last year — army officials showed that South Waziristan has been divided into three bands for security and rehabilitation purposes.

Only the first band — from Jandola, which is the entry point to SWA from Tank, to roughly Sararogha — has seen an intensive rehabilitation effort. The band closest to North Waziristan is still off-limits to IDPs and fighting continues there, while the middle band is a mix of imminent rehabilitation zones and no-go areas for the civilian population.

However, even in Jandola, the most secure of areas in South Waziristan, the stories of the local population vary according to whose presence they are being narrated in. In the presence of army officials outside a newly constructed row of shops in an open field, resettled IDPs expressed overall satisfaction with the rehabilitation process, their complaints mostly about the lack of potable water and a growing population of wild dogs that is scaring children and making travelling on foot difficult.

Out of earshot of army officials, however, a different set of tales came tumbling out. “There is still anger here. People’s homes were destroyed, their shops and livelihoods too. Their jewellery and valuables went missing after soldiers entered their homes,” said one Mehsud native speaking on the condition of anonymity. Another said, “At least 25 per cent of the people still support the Taliban. When IEDs are planted, it’s not people sneaking in from outside and planting them, it’s the Taliban paying locals Rs50,000 to do it.”

The second local added: “Give it eight or ten years, maybe mindsets will change then.”

A troubled tribe In D.I. Khan, where a large number of Mehsud IDPs have relocated, awaiting the army’s signal that they can return home, a Mehsud elder explained the more subtle effects of the army presence in SWA:

“Look, just like the leader of Al Qaeda cannot be selected without Arab input, the leader of the TTP cannot be selected without the Mehsud militants. But not every Mehsud is a militant and not every militant is a Mehsud. What’s happening, though, is that we are all being treated as militants and that is sustaining resentment against the army.”

The elder continued: “My home is in Ladha and I can’t go back there. But even when I go to other parts, what used to be an hour-long journey now takes five or six hours because of all the checkposts. We are frisked at every point and are spoken to harshly. It’s like being a Palestinian in Israel. Only us Mehsuds know what we feel in our hearts about the army because of the way we are treated.”

But the army is only one side of the vice the Mehsud population feels trapped in: the other is the Mehsud militants.

A retired schoolteacher from Ladha now living in D.I. Khan said: “We are all scared. I’m scared every time I leave my house. If we raise even a finger towards the truth, we could get killed.”

Another Ladha native said: “People are scared of going back. No one knows how long the army will stay. They are worried infighting (among Mehsuds) will break out. No one knows who is in which camp.”

Peace an elusive goal There is a third complication for the Mehsuds: the age-old rivalry with the Wazir tribe in South Waziristan.

In the cadet college in Spinkai Raghzai, a Mehsud area, the principal, Col Zahid Akbar, told of an influx of Mehsud students at the start of the year after they were ejected from the cadet college in Wana, a Wazir-dominated area. “There was a blast in Wana bazaar and the Wazirs blamed the Mehsuds, said they were informants,” Col Akbar said.

In D.I. Khan, one of the victims of the Wazir anger towards the Mehsuds is Mada Khan, living in a tent in an open field. “When the military operation began, we fled to Wana because we couldn’t get to Tank because of the shelling and the fighting. There were some 7,000 families like ours. Then, after Maulvi Nazir was killed, we were given three days to leave. We left with just the clothes on our backs,” Khan said, referring to the drone strike that killed Maulvi Nazir in January.

For all the intra- and inter-tribal tensions in South Waziristan, army officers acknowledge that long-term stability will only come when the army can move out of the ‘hold’ mode of the counter-insurgency strategy.

Speaking about the continuing militant threat in South Waziristan, an army official said: “At its peak, across Fata, there were probably 15,000 to 20,000 (militants). In South Waziristan now, there’s probably two or three hundred. But IEDs and missiles are still a problem.”

The officer continued: “We do what we can here. Ultimately, though, the answer lies at a higher level, at the policy level. What happens here is shaped by what happens in Afghanistan. Finances (of the militants) is a real issue and how to cut it off.”

After a pause, the officer added, glancing in the direction of the hills past which lies North Waziristan, “And of course, there’s that: North Waziristan.”

After drubbing in 2008, JUI-F poised for comeback

JUI-F chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman. — File photo

DERA ISMAIL KHAN: Forty-three years ago, two rising political stars went head-to-head in the election for NW-13, then the sole National Assembly seat from this southern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa district.

Their names: Maulana Mufti Mahmood and Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Mahmood, father of Fazlur Rehman, defeated Bhutto by a narrow margin and went on to become the president of the Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam.

Forty-three years later, the Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam-Fazl (JUI-F) and PPP will once again square off in what is now NA-24 (D.I. Khan) and NA-25 (D.I. Khan-cum-Tank).

At the last election, the parties shared the spoils: Fazlur Rehman was thumped in NA-24 by Faisal Karim Kundi but in NA-25, the JUI-F supremo’s brother Attaur Rehman won.

This time, though, the race is shaping up to be maulana vs everyone else — and everyone else is falling behind.

“Six months ago, JUI-F looked like it would just get one NA seat and one PK (provincial assembly) seat from D.I. Khan and Tank. The goal was to at least ensure Maulana (Fazlur Rehman) gets to the National Assembly,” said Fazlur Rehman, a D.I. Khan native who closely follows local politics.

Rehman — no relation to his namesake — continued: “But now, if it’s a crowded field, if there are many candidates, then the JUI-F will coast to victory. If there’s just one strong candidate around whom the anti-maulana vote rallies, then maulana will get a tough time.”

Kundi fails to deliver The story of the rise — again — of Fazlur Rehman and the JUI-F in D.I. Khan and Tank begins with voters’ disillusionment with Faisal Karim Kundi, the PPP’s deputy speaker in the National Assembly during the last parliament.

“Faisal has let people down,” said Aslam Awan, a D.I. Khan-based journalist. “Over the last five years, there has been little development in the area and even the small amount there has been, Faisal has failed to sell it to the people. People will only vote for maulana with heavy hearts.”

Khizer Abbas, a voter in NA-24, echoed the feelings of many here when he said, “Kundi has done nothing for us. Kundi construction, Kundi transport — development money has been poured into his own companies and you can see the results. And everyone knows that Kundi has been more interested in Tank, where he’s channelled funds through his brother.”

Mushtaq Ahmed Dar, a local JUI-F leader, explained his party’s resurgence in this way: “To begin with, Kundi’s performance has been very disappointing. Then, we are getting the benefit of the development work done in the MMA era because the comparison with Kundi is so stark. People also sense our graph is rising across the province and we could form the next government, so candidates and voters are flocking to us.” So upbeat is the JUI-F about its electoral prospects that party leaders believe Kundi-like setbacks over the last five years in NA-25 — where Attaur Rehman is accused of being an absentee representative with little interest in developing his constituency --- can also be overcome.

“Yes, there is a lot of talk about Attaur Rehman, but all that talk will end once maulana stands,” Dar said, referring to Fazlur Rehman’s decision to also contest NA-25.

But a senior PPP leader from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa offered a different assessment: “Faisal’s brother Ahmed is the PPP candidate in NA-25. Ahmed has spent a lot of time there, while Atta(ur Rehman) hasn’t done anything. Maulana knows he has a tough fight in Tank (NA-25). But yes, he’s ahead against Faisal (in NA-24).”

No runaway winner yet While momentum may be with the JUI-F, the party could yet face stiff competition on election day. “Perception and reality are different. In 2008, the JUI-F lost all six of the provincial assembly seats in D.I. Khan and Tank,” said Aslam Awan. “Even now, maulana has weak candidates at the provincial assembly level and is trying to break strong candidates from other parties.”

Awan continued: “The JUI-F isn’t as strong as people think. In Bannu, there’s Akram Durrani and no one else. In Karak, Kohat and Hangu, maulana is still looking for winning horses.”

At least three factors could adversely affect the JUI-F’s electoral ambitions in D.I. Khan and Tank: the Shia vote, the Seraiki-province issue and the intense rivalry among the established political families in the area.

Yasin Qureshi, a senior local journalist, said: “The Shia vote is unhappy with maulana because of his soft stance after the Quetta bombings. But then, Kundi has failed to deliver on his 2008 agreement with the Shia community, so that vote could split a bit.”

On the Seraiki-province issue — a potentially hot-button issue in D.I. Khan and Tank because of their large Seraiki populations — Qureshi said: “There’s no big leader to carry the Seraiki flag here, but it could still click as an issue. Had Faisal Kundi resigned from the National Assembly a couple of months ago to demand a Seraiki province, he could have picked up many, many votes.”

But the senior PPP leader in KP speaking on the condition of anonymity said, “Both the Seraiki and Shia vote will go to the Kundis. I mean, they can’t really go to maulana given his stance on the issues, can they?”

The internecine warfare among the various local political families is another complicating factor.

The 2008 election in PK-66 embodies the many contradictions of party and personal politics. The seat was narrowly won by Sanaullah Khan Miankhel on a PML-Q ticket after Faisal Kundi backed him in return for his support in Kundi’s National Assembly race. The spurned PPP candidate, Qamar Zaman, quit the party in protest but continued to nurture his base in PK-66, while Miankhel’s support ebbed after he failed to deliver in office.

Now, Miankhel is looking for a new party, said to be the PML-N, while Zaman is being wooed back by the PPP and even courted by the ANP. The seat, though, is a stronghold of Lutfur Rehman, another brother of Fazlur Rehman, who was unseated in the anti-maulana wave of 2008.

A JUI-F leader speaking on the condition of anonymity summed up the area’s complex politics thus: “In D.I. Khan, turnout is always low and ordinary people are not really into politics. It really comes down to bari ki bemari,” referring to the voters’ tendency to alternate between the main contenders.

PTI takes aim in South Waziristan South Waziristan, with its conservative population and tribal system, has long been a stronghold of the JUI-F. At present, the senator from South Waziristan, Saleh Shah, is a member of the JUI-F, as were the last two MNAs from the agency: Abul Malik Wazir (NA-41 in 2008) and Maulana Merajuddin (NA-42 in 2002).

Now, however, a PTI candidate, Dost Mohammad Khan, looks set to give the JUI-F a tough fight in NA-42, the Mehsud-dominated constituency in which no election has been held since 2002.

Khan, a recently retired bureaucrat who is close to the PTI chief Imran Khan, explained why he believes he can successfully take on the JUI-F: “Maulana operated through the mosques and madressahs in the area, that’s how he cultivated his support. But since the military operation, there are no more madressahs and the mosques are less of a factor.”

Also potentially benefiting Khan is the presence of two strong candidates, including the JUI-F’s Maulana Jamaluddin, from the Ishangi sub-tribe of the Mehsuds. Khan, who belongs to the Alizai sub-tribe, has no rival from within his clan who can split the sub-tribe vote.

However, Saleh Shah, the JUI-F senator, is confident about his party candidate’s chances in NA-42. “I’ve spent so much development money, not just in the resettled areas of South Waziristan but also for water, sewerage, roads and schools projects for IDPs in Tank and D.I. Khan. People know and love us,” Shah said.

Ultimately, with the majority of voters in NA-42 displaced, a low turnout could work to the JUI-F’s advantage. Ajmal Khan Wazir, the PML-Q MNA from neighbouring North Waziristan in the recently dissolved assembly, explained the challenge for the PTI’s Dost Mohammad Khan:

“Turnout will be very low. Since money plays a big role in Fata politics, if the winner just needs five or six thousand votes, it will be easier to buy them. In that case, the JUI-F knows the game well and is already very influential in the area.”

Campaigning in the shadow of the Taliban

File photo

DERA ISMAIL KHAN: As spring transforms the fertile plains of this gateway to Fata and election fever begins to pick up, the districts of D.I. Khan and Tank and the tribal area of South Waziristan are also caught in a vortex of fear and uncertainty.

While the threat of militant violence in the upcoming campaign season hangs over all of Fata and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and many other parts of the country, elections in few other areas promise to be as complicated as here, where the southern tip of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa meets the tribal areas.

“Anywhere in Pakistan is a target but everyone knows the particular dangers and targets in these parts,” said Naveed Sultan, a journalist based in D.I. Khan. D.I. Khan and Tank, an entry point to South Waziristan, have been hammered by militant and sectarian violence in recent years and both are also home to high-profile politicians: Maulana Fazlur Rehman is expected to contest both NA-24 (D.I. Khan) and NA-25 (D.I. Khan-cum-Tank), while former deputy speaker of the National Assembly Faisal Karim Kundi of the PPP will stand from NA-24.

Meanwhile, NA-42, one of South Waziristan’s two seats, has the distinction of being the only National Assembly constituency in which no election has been held in more than a decade. The 2002 election was won by Maulana Merajuddin, who later joined the JUI-F and was assassinated in Tank in 2009.

The Feb 2008 election in NA-42 was postponed because of the security situation in the area and then, before the start of Operation Rah-e-Nijat in October 2009, this Mehsud-dominated constituency was emptied of its population.

A ghost constituency In NA-42, the problem is less of violence during the campaign than the swathes of the constituency that are still uninhabited.

From Jandola, the principal entry point to South Waziristan, through Kotkai, the hometown of Hakeemullah Mehsud and Qari Husain, to the hills of Sararogha, some IDPs have returned, with many more having returned to their homes in Chagmalai to the west of Jandola.

But, as Lt Col Hassan Hayat explained during a tour of his area in Sararogha, of the 42,000 families that left South Waziristan in 2009, according to army figures, only 11,000 have been allowed to return. The majority of the population that left SWA was from NA-42, dominated by the Mehsud tribe, and not NA-41, which centres around Wana, the stronghold of the Wazirs.

Arrangements for voting in South Waziristan have yet to be officially announced, but it is believed that polling will be conducted in the resettled areas of NA-42, while the rest of the constituency’s population will have to travel to the agency’s headquarters in Tank to cast their vote.

Samiullah Jan, a candidate from NA-42 on the Jamaat-i-Islami ticket, is critical of the Tank-only voting option for IDPs: “The principal destinations of the families were D.I. Khan and Tank and then Karachi and Miramshah. They (the election commission) should make arrangements for voting in the other areas too, just like they do for Kashmir elections. The distances are too long and many of the people are too poor to travel to Tank just to cast their vote.”

Jan also criticised the under-registration of voters in the latest electoral lists: “In 2008, there were some 210,000 voters in South Waziristan. The new list actually has a few thousand fewer voters. The population is so scattered and the process of getting a CNIC for tribesmen is so cumbersome that many have lost their right to vote.”

Abdur Rahim Burki, another candidate in NA-42, highlighted a different problem: campaigning among a scattered population is near impossible. “Many of the Mehsud IDPs ended up staying with relatives wherever their homes are. So first I have to scour all of D.I. Khan and Tank just to find my constituents. It’s not like they’re clustered together in one area,” Burki said.

A scattered population and long distances to Tank for IDPs to cast their vote means that a record low turnout is expected in NA-42. “In 2002, Merajuddin won with 12,000 votes. This time, the winner will probably need no more than five or six thousand,” Burki said of his constituency, which has approximately 130,000 voters.

A tense calm With 600,000 voters in D.I. Khan and another 150,000 in Tank, the electorate is healthy enough in terms of numbers. But the possibility of violence during the campaign season and on polling day has already cast a pall over election preparations in the two districts.

“You have your sarkari (state) Taliban here, you have your seraiki (Punjabi) Taliban here, you have Fata and all its problems at your doorstep. Things have been calm in recent times, but that could change in a moment,” said Naveed Sultan, the D.I. Khan-based journalist.

With the TTP having suspended its offer of talks with the government, the foremost threat is of violence by the Taliban. A South Waziristan native living in D.I. Khan explained the particular nature of the threat in D.I. Khan and Tank:

“These districts have a large number of Mehsud IDPs and residents. When Baitullah (Mehsud, leader of the TTP) was alive, he saw the damage being inflicted on the Mehsuds living here by bomb blasts and attacks and halted them. But the militants among the Mehsuds are still here and can be activated at any moment.”

Sectarian terrorism is another scourge of the area, with the local Shia population frequently targeted by militant groups. Consecutive bombings on the 9th and 10th of Muharram last November underscored the sectarian threat, while the bombing of Shia Hazara neighbourhoods in Quetta saw significant protests by D.I. Khan’s Shia population earlier this year.

“Everyone knows where the (militant training) camps are in this area and who is involved in what,” said Naveed Sultan. “When the state wants to clean up, it does. A few years ago, the station commander in D.I. Khan, Brig Hamid Tayyab, was sent here to clean up. He went after the groups and the city was secured fairly quickly.”

So, for the major political parties, the campaign here will be a heavily choreographed affair. The JUI-F, a target of some militant groups and often accused of having clandestine relations with others, is treading carefully in its stronghold.

“The biggest problem for maulana (Fazlur Rehman) during the campaign is security,” said Mushtaq Ahmed Dar, a JUI-F leader in the city. “None of us can think of big rallies out in the open. Everything has to be done in enclosed spaces where people can be frisked and security managed.”

Mohammad Hanif Khan, a local PPP leader, was also candid about his party leadership’s fears in the district: “We know what the Taliban have said (about targeting the PPP). There can always be a bomb blast. Many people, and even some candidates, stay away for that reason.”

Much as there is fear and uncertainty, there is also determination. Dar, the local JUI-F leader, attributed his party’s surging prospects in D.I. Khan and Tank to, among other factors, the energy of party workers. “We’re working tirelessly, going around day and night, meeting people, canvassing for support,” Dar said. “This is what we live for.”

And, serious as the threats are, there is also some humour left in D.I. Khan. Amanul Haq Ghaznikhel, a PPP candidate for a provincial seat, smiled when asked about security fears. “SMS is a great invention. If Sheikh Rasheed can run his mega campaigns (in Rawalpindi) through SMS, why can’t we?” Haq responded.

Stumbling out of the gates

WHAT was the big deal about the caretakers anyway? It mattered certainly when there was still some uncertainty about the election itself.

Would it be held on time or would it be delayed indefinitely, the technocrats and favoured pols helping themselves to an extended stint with army backing?

But that time has long gone. We have an election date. We have the ECP in full election mode. We have the politicians ready to press their foot down on the campaign accelerator.

And, most importantly of all, we have an army leadership that has repeatedly said elections will go ahead. Who but the army can stop an election?

Aha, the problem then must be that the pols aren’t quite willing to take the army at its word, even just on the election, even just weeks from the finish line?

OK, let’s work with that theory for a minute.

So the PPP proposes Hafeez Sheikh and Ishrat Husain, two names known to orbit in establishment circles.

The PML-N baulks: Sharif’s principal criterion for care-taker PM being that the technocrat-leading-to-the-Bangladesh-model option be completely off the table.

Who do you blame at this stage? The army for pushing its candidates, the PML-N for obsessing over army interventionism or the PPP for trying to yet again have it both ways?

This one is obvious: blame the PPP.

At some point, the politicians have to grow up, to show some spine, to take charge.

Right, general sahib, we’ve heard what you have to say, but this is our moment, our choice and we’re going to do things our way.

Too bold for the PPP?

OK, if not the direct approach, then the indirect approach.

Jee, general sahib, we understand your concerns and Hafeez and Ishrat are both good men, but how about we consider X for prime minister?

X being an equally capable manager who has no real political ambitions, at least of the undemocratic variety, and isn’t known to orbit in establishment circles.

But how can the PPP be sure — absolutely, completely, one hundred per cent sure — the army won’t cast a spell on the apolitical but capable X?

Now we’re entering the realm of the silly. You can’t absolutely, completely, one hundred per cent be sure about anything in politics.

Ultimately, is an election that is just weeks away really going to be derailed just because a technocrat from establishment circles isn’t picked as caretaker PM?

The answer is simple enough: no.

Let’s try another theory. The PPP and the PML-N know the election will be terribly close. A close election means even small favours bestowed by the caretakers on one or the other side could swing the overall result.

So both want their nominees in — primarily to get the marginal advantage; secondarily, to ensure the other side doesn’t edge ahead in the favours-bestowed stakes.

Additionally, the PPP and PML-N are worried that the caretakers could take some long-term decisions that could hurt whichever of the two comes to power next, or perhaps just limit their space to manoeuvre.

So what’s to be done?

The common-sense answer: set the rules for the caretakers so that neither party vying for power benefits, or loses.

For all the legal firepower available in both the PPP and PML-N camps, it has fallen to an outside group to come up with a solution: draw up a code of conduct — presently non-existent — for the caretaker set-up, a code of conduct that focuses on verifiable neutrality and non-partisanship.

The path suggested was also doable: like the parliamentary committee to select the caretaker PM, a Senate committee with equal treasury and opposition representation could draw up the code of conduct, send it to the president for conversion into an ordinance and so make it binding law.

What would the code of conduct cover? Precise limits of caretaker policy decision-making authority. Clear restrictions on major appointments and projects. Binding guidelines to disclose information on expenditure and revenue during the caretaker period.

Defang the caretakers thus and much of the concern about it tilting towards one party or the other would melt away.

Say, the PPP is worried an N-League-nominated caretaker CM in Punjab will make key appointments in the districts that could impact the election. The code of conduct could block this by fixing the seniority up to which appointments can be made by the caretakers.

Say, the PML-N is afraid a PPP-nominated caretaker PM will dole out big state contracts to help win votes. The code of conduct can limit the rupee value of contracts the caretakers can award.

A code of conduct for the caretakers seems so obvious that you have to wonder why we don’t already have one and why neither party has suggested it.

The unhappy possibility is that neither the PPP nor the PML-N wants a neutral set-up; what they want is a powerful caretaker government that swings the electorate their way.

The unhappier possibility is that the idea hasn’t occurred to them, trapped as they are in the thicket of power politics and patronage.

There is another possibility why the PPP and PML-N handed to the ECP a decision the politicians would rather have made themselves: they can’t bring themselves to trust one another.

Lost amidst the accusations of under-the-table deals and secret agreements is a world of fear and paranoia, of politicians who see each other as the enemy, of leaders hardwired to distrust and undermine one another.

It is a depressing and distressing reality. We’ll get our caretakers now and we’ll get an election soon, but after that, in two months?

Such is our lot in life. Onwards, to the election.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The clouds refuse to part

THIS was supposed to be our moment. Yours and mine, the ordinary folk.

Movie-like, our heads were to break through the storm clouds and briefly catch a glimpse of clear blue skies and glorious sunlight.

An election is upon us, the promise of regeneration and rejuvenation is supposed to be at hand.

The world, our world, this country, was never going to change in an instant. But the election was at least meant to let us dream of a better tomorrow.

Here we are, though, hurtling through the storm and the clouds aren’t parting. It feels more like we are in the vortex of a tornado, tossed around and too scared to think.

Bright blue skies and glorious sunshine there are none. Democracy needs to be saved from the democrats. National security from the grasp of the self-appointed custodians of the national interest. Society from itself.

But there’s no one to save us. From ourselves, from themselves, from everyone else.

Not actually save us — for even the gods may struggle to save us now — but just make us feel that someone will step up, staunch the flow of blood draining from a living corpse, delay the inevitable.

That’s all we could have hoped for from this election. Anything more and it would have felt like dealing with the after-effects of a heavy desi meal on the way to the hangman’s noose.

A morsel of hope. The future could be better, that’s all.

Instead, we have this, a gnawing fear and a deep resignation that this, and worse, may be our lot in life.

Zardari gave us five years. Continuity was supposed to be the first step towards stability and, maybe, improvement. But, five years later, you can’t help but wonder if continuity, of the kind we’ve seen, was worse than no continuity.

Now, he wants another five years. The heart sinks at the possibility, kept afloat only by the likelihood that Zardari’s calculations are off and he won’t get what he wants.

Kayani has given us six years. He’s won us back Afghanistan. But did we want Afghanistan back? Nobody asked us.

It’s remarkable, really. The Americans have failed in Afghanistan and will have to deal with the consequences of their failure.

Our army has won in Afghanistan — and we’ll have to deal with the consequences of our success.

When the consequences of your success may be worse than the consequences of someone else’s failure, you know something is very, very wrong.

Hurrah, we’ve been saved from Indian designs!

Short of conquering Pakistan — and quite why India would want to absorb 180 million poor, semi-literate, rabid Muslims when it is struggling to deal with its own Muslims is a question no one wants to answer — the idea was that India wants to keep Pakistan weak, divided, poor and insecure.

Mission accomplished.

But at least we have Afghanistan.

Sharif wants to rule again. He probably will. He’s a born-again democrat, burnt by the fires he was baptised in. Good.

But, in a paradox of the peculiarly Pakistani condition, the born-again democrat is caught in a time warp. Sharif wants to fight yesterday’s battles first: fix the economy, corral the army. Society will take care of itself.

Society, though, isn’t taking care of itself. It is cannibalising itself.

If necessary, and if attacked personally, Sharif the Ruler will bring the hammer down on the self-appointed Soldiers of Islam.

Which is more than the pusillanimous Zardari ever could, or would.

Blunting the tip of the spear won’t remotely get the job done, though, because the tip is attached to a battering ram.

Sharif’s PML has its own version of Good Extremist/ Bad Extremist. The Good Extremist is plugged into the arteries of the PML-N, nurturing it and it, them.

The Good Extremist is also the battering ram, breaking the Pakistan that never was and erecting from its pieces a new, frightful Pakistan.

What good a prosperous Pakistan with a powerful leader, Sharif, who is part cheerleading and part accommodating out of fear regressive social forces? That would make us Saudi Arabia. Oh, right.

Khan, Khan, Khan. With the horror show around us, can anyone still fault those rooting for him?

If Zardari is awful and Sharif no better or if Sharif is unpalatable and Zardari difficult to digest, then perhaps we should be grateful for small mercies: those rallying to Khan could well have turned to the army.

The problem, for those of a sceptical bent, is that rallying to Khan is effectively turning to the army. Puppet and master the relationship may not be, but the best Geppettos work to make puppet and audience forget there are strings attached. There are always strings attached.

Oddly enough, by setting out to capture the public’s imagination but only managing to capture a sliver of it, Khan may have exacerbated the problem he — though not necessarily his Geppetto — set out to resolve: political malaise and gridlock.

For there will be a second wave, just not of the kind Khan hopes for, and that can catapult him to the dreaded spoiler status, fragmenting further an already fragmented electorate.

Blame Khan for trying? No. Blame the electorate for being indecisive? No. Curse our luck? Yes.

This, all of this, wasn’t how it was supposed to be.

For 60 days, we were supposed to dream again. To hit the reset button and think of the possibilities — the good possibilities; the small but realistic possibilities — that the next phase could bring.

Instead, we have this.

May the best man win. Unhappily for us, you and me, the ordinary folk, we can already know he won’t be good enough, or good for us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

On to the next stage

DARE whisper it now: we’re there. On the verge of that much sought after civilian-led transition, or a re-endorsement of the last five years.

Here’s the credit — or blame — they each get for getting us to this point: Zardari, 40 per cent; Sharif, 40 per cent; Kayani, 20 per cent.

Zardari because he learned to say both yes and no: yes, to whatever price whoever had a chance of knocking him and his government out demanded; no, to the politics of vendettas.

Sharif because he learned to say yes: yes, to letting a government complete its term, and absorbing whatever hurt came his way for having the gumption to say yes.

Kayani because he chose to say neither yes nor no: sitting on the fence, poking and prodding on occasion but never actually getting off the fence.

Because of those three, and the choices they’ve made, we’re here: with a rickety elected system — democratic being a stretch, for now — with some hope of continuity.

A back-to-back and on-time election is now as close to a certainty as anything can be in the land of uncertainty. Should, then, we pause to celebrate the implausible and applaud the protagonists?

Fuggedboutit. This is Pakistan; this is democracy — what comes next matters more than what came before.

So out comes the crystal ball and into May and beyond we gaze.

The civilians got their election, the army let them have it, the Taliban weren’t able to derail it — now what?

Parliament is hung. Sharif looked like he may run away with it but Pakistan — and Imran — held him back.

Punjab is still Sharif Land, but gone are the days of the Heavy Mandate: we’re firmly in the Era of Coalitions.

The coalition maestro, Zardari, has been relegated to second, still in with a shot for re-election as president and still in charge of Sindh (minus Karachi) but shunted across the aisle — from the treasury to the opposition — in parliament.

The shoe is now on the other foot.

Gen K is going home — he’s told everyone he’s going home — but he’s got six months left as Chief Guardian of Pakistan.

Zardari, 40; Sharif, 40; Kayani, 20 — the old percentages, credit and blame, start anew.

Here’s the doomsday scenario:

Sharif the Democrat fails as Sharif the Coalition Builder. Hung parliament becomes paralysed parliament. One seventy two — the elusive number for prime minister and the keys to the semi-promised land — is unattainable.

Elsewhere, it’s too late for the caretakers to stop the economy from sliding towards IMF oblivion. Law and order, already a mess, slips a few notches further towards catastrophe.

The barbarians are billeted inside, long since done with waiting at the gates. The external environment, shaped by the exit from Afghanistan and the election in India, takes a turn for the worse.

Kayani now has the same choice but in new circumstances: carpe diem — seize the day — or permit national death by drift and paralysis.

Say Kayani chooses the same again: if the civilians sink, they’ll do it under their own weight, not be pushed; if they stay afloat again, Allah be praised and let’s everyone strap ourselves in for another helluva ride.

The choice — to let the elected system (remember, democratic is a stretch) continue as it was meant to — then switches to Zardari.

Stung by an electoral defeat everyone warned him of but he refused to believe, Zardari is feverishly doing his math.

Start with the certainty: the Senate is locked in till March 2015 and the PPP has close to a simple majority there; the PML-N a very distant second.

Zardari’s passive option: he can sit back and enjoy the show as Sharif runs here, there and everyone to get even basic legislation passed, the PPP effectively enjoying a veto with its near-majority in the upper house.

Non-aggression but also non-cooperation — Zardari can just let Sharif’s gung-ho, go-it-alone instinct undo an N-League government all on its own.

The active option: Zardari can lure last-term’s allies into cobbling together a minority government — just enough votes to get the PM elected and a cabinet sworn-in but too few to guarantee any kind of stability beyond the shortest of short terms.

That would be Zardari unable to live with the shoe on the other foot, to extend the same democratic courtesy to Sharif that Sharif extended to him.

On to Sharif: he’s got his government, he’s back as PM, he’s learned a new trick or two — but has he learned enough?

Nominating Kayani’s successor is an early critical decision.

The usual decision process — though there’s nothing usual about something that last happened in 1990s: the chief gives the PM three names, giving the appearance of choice but in reality, the preferred candidate is made known.

Sharif is torn. He could be aggressive and reject all the nominees, opting for what he thinks is a pliant chief he’ll be comfortable with. Or he could go with the preferred nominee and learn to co-exist with a “professional” chief who may have ideas of his own.

There’s another early minefield Sharif has to navigate: seeing out the last few months of another chief — CJ Iftikhar — with a penchant for activism and a perceived reluctance to leave the bully pulpit.

Zardari learned to submit to his flagellation, but will Sharif, Heir to the Mughal Throne, also learn to submit, or will he unleash his dogs of war?

Why all this hypothesising now about a future no one can really know, you may be wondering. Why not focus on how we’ll get through election season, or why the speculation that there won’t be one after all refuses to go away, you may be thinking.

Because perhaps the best way to stop something is to let it happen.

You got your election, you got your politicians, you got your government — and look, it’s more screwed up than ever.

The Bangladesh model doesn’t die with a mere election, or even two.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Capitulation

TALIBAN, two; politicians, zero. Not a bad start to the year if you’re an anti-state militant. You’ve drawn the enemy’s blood repeatedly and yet somehow turned its attention towards peace talks.

In fact, the TTP has turned counter-insurgency on its head: it’s the state that is supposed to pound the militants until they are left with no choice but to drag their bloodied and battered selves to the negotiating table — not the other way round.

Nobody really thinks the TTP wants peace. Neither the maulanas talking peace at their APC nor the secular ANP talking peace at its APC believe it.

How can they? They know the Pakistani Taliban too well: some because they’re cut from the same cloth; others because the Taliban have risen from their midst.

So what’s going on?

Think of it as pre-election posturing. And arguably the Taliban’s greatest victory.

Start with the politicians. Elections mean a surfeit of targets: politicians campaigning; voters turning up at rallies and at polling booths; local influentials running around trying to stitch up winning coalitions.

If you’re a politician, it’s precisely the time you don’t want to be the focus of the TTP’s attention.

Fata is a new prize and an old complication: with political parties permitted to field candidates for the first time, the politicians have to get out there and fight a new game — in a land that has politically and socially been turned upside down by a decade of insurgency.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is and has been an electoral patchwork and is again shaping up to be intensely competitive come election time.

Neither in Fata nor in KP can politicians and political parties take anything for granted the next few months. But the already hard, political, slog becomes infinitely more complicated if you’re being walloped by the Taliban.

So it’s time to buy some time.

The Taliban says it wants peace, we’ll give them all the talks about talks they can handle, the politicians are thinking.

Maybe the Taliban will bite, maybe they won’t, but it’s worth a shot with a general election on the cards.

Who knows, maybe instead of 20 suicide bombings, 10 devastating attacks and five high-profile assassinations during campaign season, there’ll be five suicide bombings, three devastating attacks and one high-profile assassination, the politician willing to sue for peace is saying privately.

What about leadership? What about rallying the public against the greatest danger to state and society since state and society contrived to lose half the country some four decades ago? What about doing the right thing?

Pfft. It’s election time.

Nothing matters more to a politician than winning an election. Not in India, not in Italy, not in Israel, not in the US. Why should Pakistan be any different?

Unspoken Rule No 1: you can’t win an election if you’re dead, so better to live to cower another day.

Now, what are the Taliban up to? What’s this business of attacking ruthlessly while talking peace?

That the Taliban have proved to be fairly un-strategic and not very bright has been to Pakistan’s enduring luck over the past decade or so.

Swat, for example, became both the apogee and nadir of Taliban power because they weren’t patient enough, or smart enough, to consolidate the gains there after Nizam-i-Adl had been ceded by the state.

Instead, they spilled out into neighbouring districts and tore apart the artifice that Swat was a localised problem with a localised solution that the state had so cravenly helped the Taliban construct.

But now the Taliban have conjured up a masterstroke: inserting themselves into the political course and with it, driving a stake through the possibility of the elusive societal ‘consensus’ against militancy emerging.

Count the ways in which the Taliban have racked up wins with the devilishly timed offer of talks.

One, the political class is once again being assembled into pro-Taliban and anti-Taliban camps.

Since Swat and South Waziristan, talk of talks was the remit of the extreme right and Taliban Khan — and both were hammered for it. While public opinion had never come close to coalescing around decisive military action, the idea of talks had faded as the option mainstream politics preferred.

Now, with elections upon us and politicians needing to fan out among the people, the Taliban have dangled a carrot: go soft on us and we’ll turn our cross-hairs elsewhere.

Cue politicians falling over themselves to grab the Taliban carrot.

Two, the old confusion in society and the media has been resurrected.

There was no ‘Malala moment’ last October because there is no coherent counter-narrative to militancy and extremism — at least no counter-narrative that has widespread traction.

But public suspicion of the Taliban’s goals, if not their ideology, had grown to the point that uncomfortable questions were being asked, loudly and aggressively on TV and in the street.

Now, because inherent in the idea of talks is reasonableness, the creeping image of monstrousness that the Taliban had begun to acquire has been swiftly halted by the offer of talks.

Yes, they still kill and maim, the public and media can once again debate, but perhaps there is some humanity in the Taliban after all.

Third, the civil-military divide is wider than ever.

The army high command says, we can’t go for the kill unless the politicians back us and the public supports us.

Assume — and this is a fairly big assumption — that the army means it.

The politicians are falling over themselves to grab the Taliban carrot. The right-wing in the media is giving John Lennon a run for his money. And society is slipping back towards the default state of Pakistani nature: confusion.

Where does that leave the consensus, political and social, the army demands? Nowhere.

Game, set and the first half of 2013 to the Taliban.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Broken, but not enough yet

MANY have died. Many more will die. And, if things are ever to turn around, many, many more will have to die.

There is a certain kind of grotesqueness in predicting the death of more innocents.

The awfulness of deaths already before is hard enough to contemplate; to state in bald print, in black and white, that more is inevitable seems infused with a callousness that human nature militates against.

But why flinch from it? Deep down we all know it. More will die.

Must they die? Not in an absolute sense, no.

Will they? In the particular configuration that is the state of Pakistan today, tragically, yes.

People are dying, being slaughtered and assassinated and murdered in cold blood and blown to smithereens because no one, not one person, in the system of institutions designed to protect us, you and me, the common person, really cares enough to protect us.

Do they grieve for the dead? Sometimes. Do they pray to their God for forgiveness? Some do. Do they curse their own abject feckless-ness? Maybe.

But none of them will rise to protect the people, the public they have been elected to represent or have sworn to protect.

Not yet.

Not until the rivers actually run red, until enough asphalt has soaked enough blood, until so many funerals have been held in so many cities in such quick succession that survival, the ultimate self-interest, comes into the reckoning.

Cowering inside his bunkered home and bomb-proof vehicle, the politician will ask, what can we do?

The media is complicit, the army has nurtured the evil, society has been compromised, what can we do?

To ask that question is to turn leadership on its head: the elected representative asking the people to lead.

Since no one politician, no one party and no one coalition is strong enough to counter the forces they fear, to snap out of the politics of the past, to dare to dream beyond the parochial, no politician can lead.

It’s not that the system is broken; the system was never designed for this — for a fundamental challenge to the configuration of the state through a campaign of bombs, bullets and intimidation.

Politicians exist for local purposes, not meta-leadership. The house cat cannot become a guard dog.

What about the guardians, the self-appointed arbiters of the national interest?

To see them stumble around helplessly, steeped in a logic that is too difficult to reverse and trapped in their own fears is a terrible — and tragic — sight.

When conversations move towards hard issues, they invariably slip into background discussions or off the record. Many are unremarkable in the larger scheme of things, but there is one in particular that is hard to shake off.

Why do you let your men die like this, let their deaths go unavenged, their loss unmarked by retribution, I asked.

As a commander, there’s nothing worse than losing your men, but …

The voice trailed off.

But. But. But.

But, he and others like him may want to say, theirs is a sacrifice in the greater cause.

Perhaps they daren’t verbalise it because it’s one of those things that when said out loud can haunt forever.

Because the cause is already dead when the living are dying and no one can really explain why anymore.

And society? The public at large, the people?

The average Pakistani isn’t a homicidal maniac, we are told. We hear ad nauseam that the mythical average Pakistani wants the same normal things that normal people all over the world want: a home, a family, a job, a better future for the next generation. There really is a silent majority, we are reminded.

So? What’s the point?

To lose a people you don’t have to lose 51 per cent, the majority. What does that mean anyway? That somehow until 49 per cent all is not lost but then suddenly, hit 51, and all is lost?

Actually, to lose a people you just have to lose a sliver: three, four, five or six per cent. A rabid but disciplined, ferociously committed, ideologically obsessed four, five or six per cent. That’s enough to hold everyone else hostage.

Pushback from the silent majority must surely come at some point, though, no?

Maybe. But we aren’t there yet.

Here’s another blunt truth. The word genocide is bandied around nowadays, a desperate plea to shake the state out of its torpor, but how many have really been killed? A couple of thousand Shias in five years; Shias who are 20 per cent of 200 million?

Enough deaths to shock a nation? Yes. Enough to mobilise it? No.

On and on you can go, cutting through the layers of state and society. Everywhere you will find the same: fear, cowardice, confusion and, above all, narrow self-interest.

We just aren’t there yet, where a people and institutions that were never built to deal with internal threats of the present scope and scale are rattled, hammered and shaken enough to learn how to respond meaningfully.

We’ll get there someday?

Much as we must all hope that we will one day, here’s one last bit of reality: that moment may never come.

The tipping point can swing both ways. Violence may grow until state and society is energised into fighting back.

Or violence may creep upwards and outwards, each successive increase breaking us into accepting the level that came before, until it simply overruns us all.

Dark? Dispiriting? Demoralising?

Look around you. Or better yet, look inside yourself.

Still think it’s so implausible?

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The logic of controversy

SOMETIMES, you can spot a damp firework a mile off.

Hang on to your seats, Qadri is going to the Supreme Court, the election commission could be in trouble and extreme turbulence may lie ahead, some warned fancifully. Really?

Article 213(2) of the constitution, post-18th and -20th Amendments, reads:

“The Commissioner [or a member] shall not be removed from office except in the manner prescribed in Article 209 for the removal from office of a judge….”

Spot the bucket of ice-cold water on Qadri’s dreams there?

An ECP member is given exactly the same protection of office under the constitution that a judge of the Supreme Court is.

If the Supreme Court itself were to tinker with the ECP’s cast-iron protection, someone else may get the idea that it’s OK to interfere with the judges’ security of tenure.

The danger would be apparent to even an extravagantly activist court.

So Qadri’s petition was dead on arrival, though it still had to be dispensed with theatrically.

But why the obsession with the election commission in the first place?

ECP this, ECP that, down with the ECP, throw out the ECP — Qadri has hammered away at the election commission since his reincarnation as political gadfly.

Qadri’s assault has been all the more remarkable because until he came along the ECP was regarded near universally as more independent and more relevant than ever.

But more independent and more relevant does not necessarily mean more powerful.

For Qadri and his ilk, a paper tiger isn’t good enough to get the job they want done done, i.e. banishing from politics at least the worst of the worst — to clean up the system some and serve as a warning to the rest.

To be less effective come election time — or altogether ineffective, in the minds of the Qadriites — all the ECP members would have to do is follow the letter of the law. Because the letter of the law, as it stands, doesn’t really allow the election commission to do much.

To go beyond the letter of the law — and perhaps in search of the true spirit of democracy that the anti-democrats are always so keen on — you’d need to replace the five election commissioners with crusaders.

Say, of the kind we’ve seen in the Supreme Court in recent years. Crusaders are result-orientated folks, not too concerned with the minutiae of the law.

And it’s precisely in the minutiae that the powers of the election commission come unstuck, hobbling the ECP’s role as a transformative agent of democracy, the gatekeepers who will deliver a cleaner and better democracy — at least along the lines Qadri and the anti-democrats are hoping for.

To understand why the ECP can’t really keep out the bad eggs under the existing laws and rules, look to the amendments the election commission itself has proposed to toughen its bark and bite.

Say you want to knock out the bad eggs at the nomination stage. Candidates file their papers, then what?

At present, election officials have just seven days to vet the nomination papers and few powers to requisition official records to corroborate what the candidates claim in writing about their financial and legal position.

Give even the most ferocious and committed of election commissions just seven days to scrutinise an avalanche of nomination papers — as the law does at the moment — and only the most superficial scrutiny will be possible.

And even if you have all the time in the world to scrutinise nomination papers for falsehoods and misleading statements, it would amount to little if you don’t have the power to summon documents and information to verify what the candidates’ claim about their financial and legal standing.

Relying on good faith and cooperation of other institutions is just not good enough: when the stakes are this high, you can bet your last rupee that what isn’t absolutely required to be provided under the law will not be provided.

Turn to the most common electoral malpractices: corruption and bribery, as set out in details 78 and 79 in the Representation of the People Act, 1976, the controlling legislation. As the law stands, the most common manipulations of the voting process do not attract more than a slap on the wrist — no fine worth its mention and no threat of jail.

Small fines, no threat of jail time: when the incentive to cheat is as great as a potential electoral victory, the deterrent has to be substantial, else it is meaningless.

Return to Qadri and the anti-democrats.

Knowing the inadequacies of the electoral laws, the insufficiencies of the election commission and the unwillingness of the politicians to fix a system they thrive on, the ECP has become a logical pressure point for Qadri and the anti-democrats.

Best-case scenario: the ECP members resign under pressure, or are chucked out somehow, and are replaced with a crusading bunch.

That crusading bunch could then use the bully pulpit of the ECP to lobby parliament for significant new powers, while in the meantime using ends-justify-the-means logic to purge the political class of its worst offenders.

Worst-case scenario: the composition of the ECP doesn’t change but the members are so bullied and battered and their reputations so impugned that they react by tightening the application of the existing laws — and so knock out some undesirable politicians anyway.

Either way, Qadri and the anti-democrats walk away with their pound of flesh.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The case against reforms

REFORM or sink. That’s the message the outside powers are trying to impress on Pakistan’s civilian political leaders ahead of the next election cycle.

The thinking is fairly straightforward: Pakistan’s macroeconomic outlook is dismal and unless some fundamental reforms are undertaken soon, the country will be trapped in a low-growth, high-insecurity cycle for a generation or beyond.

The desired reforms?

Improve the tax-to-GDP ratio — more revenue is essential if the country is to be pulled out of the disastrous spiral of high borrowing and high expenditure.

Fix the power sector — growth is being choked by the desperate shortage of electricity and the state’s finances will collapse under the weight of hundreds of billions of rupees being shelled out annually to prop up a broken electricity sector.

Curtail borrowing from the domestic market — the banks are having such an easy time lending to the government that they’re ignoring the private sector; without private investment picking up, the medium-term trajectory of the economy can only be down, down, down.

Why press for reforms now?

Again, the thinking is fairly straightforward: whoever comes to power after the election, the government — weak or strong — will have some political capital to spend at the very beginning and so a small window of opportunity to push through reforms that six months or a year later will become politically untenable.

The message and the logic are both impeccable: Pakistan desperately needs economic reforms and the warm glow of a fresh mandate from the electorate will give the government a chance to push through unpopular reforms.

Here’s the problem: it won’t happen.

Start with the PPP. Let’s assume the party leads it’s unwieldy coalition back to power. What next?

The single most terrifying thing about the PPP? Party leaders genuinely believe Asif Zardari is some kind of economic wizard.

Waxing lyrical about your leaders is one of those squeamish necessities of politics here. But it becomes something else when that hype is internalised.

From leading the country through a perilous international financial crisis and recession to navigating the pitfalls of domestic special interests and markets, the PPP sells Zardari as a Nobel Prize-winning economist or the second coming of Nassim Nicolas Taleb.

If you’ve already got a hero in your midst, why would you need to reinvent yourself?

The PPP won’t do it, push through desperately needed but painful reforms, that is.

Turn to the PML-N. On paper, the N-League has a better economic team than the PPP — how could it not when compared to zero?

But scratch the surface and the same superficiality and misplaced confidence is evident: fixing Pakistan is just about a few steps — and please, don’t talk about taxing traders as one of those steps — that are primarily about management, not reforms.

For the PML-N there is no trade-off between better economic management and political exigencies — though the two are of course fundamentally interconnected.

The PTI? It talks a good reforms talk but it has yet to walk the reforms walk — and the same electables that maybe, perhaps, who knows will catapult the PTI to power or junior-coalition-partner status will be answerable to the same electorate that Asif Zardari and Nawaz Sharif are answerable to.

And therein lies the basic problem: seen from the outside, through rational, reasonable and sensible eyes, the political mainstream in Pakistan is irrational, unreasonable and insensible.

A little pain now and the long-term benefits would be enormous. Improving the tax base would mean more money to spend on public services. Fixing the power sector would mean more jobs through small and big business flourishing. Curtailing borrowing would help put the brakes on inflationary pressures, essentially a tax on the people.

A rising tide lifts all boats — to use a terrible cliché — the outside powers are essentially arguing.

But Pakistani politics is about individual boats — about a personalised, patronage-driven style of politics that often works at cross purposes to the common good.

The most offensive thing you can say to a Pakistani politician is that they don’t do enough for their voters.

As far as they’re concerned, they do. They go to weddings and funerals, they get the kids into school, they get the young adults jobs, and they keep the delinquents out of jail.

They transfer money to the family patriarch when the family land is flooded or destroyed and to the matriarch when the economic going gets really tough.

They work, and they work damn hard, thank you very much, the politicians know and believe.

Of course, there are the subjective wishes of the electorate and then there is objective reality: ignore the macro for the micro, the collective for the individual, long enough and wantonly enough, and reality will eventually bite.

But when will reality bite, savagely and life-threateningly, not the death by a thousand cuts we’re currently suffering?

Because reforms won’t come unless there is absolutely no alternative.

Raise the tax base? Not unless the federal government can’t pay its dues: debt obligations, salaries of a bloated bureaucracy and the expensive toys for the spoilt boys.

Best guess: that’s another three to four years off.

Fix the electricity sector? Not unless it actually, definitively collapses, say, with the default of Pakistan State Oil, the lynchpin of the power sector and most connected to the global markets.

Best guess: that’s another year or two away.

Stop borrowing from the local banks? Not unless a massive inflationary spiral is triggered or the banks’ lopsided balance sheets threaten unmanageable risk.

Best guess: that’s several years away from happening.

No unavoidable agony, no immediate desperation, no imminent collapse — no reform. Not by the politicians.

No matter what anyone else wants or says.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Slipping off the agenda

THE problem with conspiracy theories is that reality has a way of interrupting, eventually.

Remember the time when the US was out to get Pakistan: snatch Balochistan away; defang our nuclear deterrent; punish us for making their time in Afghanistan that much more complicated and difficult?

That was just a couple of years ago. The ally from hell was being primed to earn its comeuppance.

Today, Pakistan struggles to get a mention in conversations about the world’s most urgent trouble spots and what to do about them.

Mali is the hot new topic, and Syria the subject of much handwringing. Iran is the big foreign policy challenge: will it cut a deal with the US or will it creep further towards nuclearisation?

‘Af’ still makes people nervous and ‘Pak’ does too. But in a kind of we’ve-tried-to-fix-it-but-it-won’t-get-fixed-and-now-we’d-just-like-to-move-on way.

Mission liquidation is the name of the game and with the troops headed for the exit, the appetite to think about Afghanistan and obsess over Pakistan’s perfidy is vanishing.

Simply, the world is a complicated place and attention spans aren’t endless; Pakistan’s extended moment in the international limelight, spotlight of shame really, has almost passed.

As ever, Pakistan, believing it is the centre of everyone else’s universe, missed all the obvious signs. Obama filled the skies above Pakistan with drones but he was also determined to end the wars Bush had started.

When they got Osama, we obsessed over how Americans were able to enter and exit Pakistan unmolested. So we missed all the folks who said, we got our guy, now let’s get outta here.

Confident about even our weakest assumption and steeped in a culture of conspiracy, it never really occurred to us that the world could, well, just move on.

We have nukes, we have 180 million Muslims, we are geo-strategically vital. The Western world, led by the US, is surely working to some kind of plan in its great game to unravel Pakistan.

Not so much, it turns out.

They know they should pay more attention and that it may come back to bite them just as it did 20 years after the Soviets pulled out, but unwinnable wars in godforsaken corners of the world with no immediate interests at stake have a tendency to tire people out.

Even if they’re American and want to unravel Pakistan.

This being Pakistan, the hard-core conspiracy theorists will simply adjust: the immediacy of the threat will quietly be reset to some kind of longer-term goal once again.

We thwarted them this time because the Taliban are beloved by the Afghan people and Allah is kind, but the perfidious Americans will never give up trying to break Pakistan. We must remain vigilant!

And therein lies the tragedy of Pakistan: an inability to adjust to reality, or grab the opportunities it throws our way.

For years, the army-led security establishment and its acolytes have argued that the Taliban insurgency inside Pakistan is oxygenated by the war in Afghanistan.

Take the foreign troops out of the equation there, let the Afghan conundrum become about the Afghan people once again, and the fight against militancy in Fata and Pakistan proper would become that much more manageable.

Now they’re about to get their wish.

But the fibs we tell ourselves about ourselves are easier to overlook than the elaborate theories we have about others.

So already we have a subtle shift: what for years wasn’t doable because the war in Afghanistan rendered it undoable, now it’s not doable because the civilians aren’t up to scratch at home.

The civilians aren’t up to scratch — that isn’t a fib.

But neither are the ones who deal with the outside world, who formulate policy and/or preach about national security and the outside world.

And that’s an older, more dangerous truth than all the fibs we tell ourselves.

Think through this sequence. Worried that the US may have some grand plans to put Pakistan to the mat, our boys helped foment anti-Americanism among the public at large as a buffer against American demands.

We can’t do this — allow drones, go into NWA, take out Taliban sanctuaries in and around Quetta, dismantle the infrastructure of jihad — because if we tried to, the people won’t accept it.

All well and good — if in fact the US wants to put us to the mat.

But if the US is confused and unsure and deeply opposed to being dragged into the epic mess that intervention in Pakistan would be — then whipping up anti-Americanism in society as a buffer against American demands is a pretty poor idea.

For then you end up with a problem that far outlives the military departure of the US from your backyard.

The problem that we have precisely now and the problem that the politicians are precisely aware of: the fight against militancy has been indelibly linked to imperialistic American demands.

The politicians won’t own the fight because the public doesn’t own the fight — and the public doesn’t own the fight because it’s been deliberately manipulated to act as a buffer against American demands.

You can’t make people think the Americans fighting the Taliban is a bad thing but us fighting the Taliban is a good thing.

What you can do is blame the politicians for not showing spine — and that’s the narrative being spun now.

The difference between the US and Pakistan?

America is a big country that can afford to make big mistakes. See, US policy in Afghanistan over the past decade.

Pakistan is a small country that makes big mistakes — and then even bigger ones in trying to adjust for the original mistakes. See, Pakistan today.

The writer is a Dawn staffer.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Towards breaking point?

WHAT’S the difference between pressure points and breaking point?

We’ll get to that in a minute.

They stood tall last week, the politicians did. Qadri came and Qadri went and the politicians handled it with aplomb.

Mature! Sensible! Enlightened self-interest! Hurrah!

Then the week, and the threat, passed and we’ve been left with the spectacle of the past few days.

What spectacle, you wonder.

Maybe that’s the point: politicians being politicians has lost its ability to animate.

One guy snatches the other guy’s candidates. The big boys make a show of hard, hard bargaining over impotent caretakers and the like. Some imply, innocently, oh so innocently, that the prime minister could be involved in a yet-to-be-proved murder and a yet-to-be-established cover-up.

The prime minister himself, he of the ordinary party-worker cadre, appears to come to the rescue of big business implicated in the death of, well, ordinary factory workers in Karachi. And someone suggests that a new province in Punjab have two capitals because, y’know, the one-capital idea is so passé and gauche.

Mature? Sensible? Hurrah? Self-interest, minus the enlightenment.

Back to the pressure points vs breaking point. Qadri, it turns out, was a pressure point dressed up as breaking point.

He came threatening to knock out the politicians and clean up the system and because his message chimed so perfectly with the army’s timeworn criticisms, Qadri was taken seriously — a potential breaking point for the democratic project.

It turned out Qadri wasn’t a very effective pressure point, let alone a breaking point. But for a few hours, particularly after the court had pounced, Qadri focused the minds of the civilians in a way only the threat, however remote, of extinction can.

Then, threat seen off, politicians returned to business as usual. Nothing unusual there.

Each time this happens, though, it underscores just how dangerous a game is being played.

To make the civilians perform better, a little pressure doesn’t work. So more pressure is applied. That tends not to work either. So more and more pressure is applied, until we’re dangerously close to breaking point.

That’s when the civilians get the message and get their act together. But only just.

Here’s the problem: it’s difficult to know a priori, before the event, when exactly a pressure point becomes breaking point.

The difference between positive pressure for reform, for better outcomes within the democratic system, and pressure that causes the mould to snap is impossible to know beforehand.

All that we can know is that extraordinary levels of pressure are needed before change, of the positive kind, can be effected. And in the heat of the moment or because of the smallest of miscalculations, a pressure point can become breaking point.

And then back to square one, the never-ending journey of finding a durable configuration of power that can also deliver to the people.

Who to blame, the politicians for being just so goshdarn incompetent and stubborn or the folks who can’t resist trying to speed up a maddeningly slow rate of improvement?

It helps to understand that the problem is anything but limited to the civilian.

Nine-eleven happened. The world began to measure time in eras pre- and post-9/11. What did the boys here do?

They mothballed a failed security paradigm for a bit, then rolled it out again in a few years as a ‘double game’ and more than a decade on, they talk a good game but nobody really, really believes them.

If a 9/11-magnitude event doesn’t cause a decisive break from the past, just managing to nudge the boys to the middle, you’d probably be right in guessing that another 9/11-magnitude event would be needed to get them to switch all the way over to good sense.

Except you don’t really want to be in the realm of 9/11-type events. The last time they threatened (apocryphally) to bomb us back into the Stone Ages. The next time they may not bother to give us the benefit of a threat.

Beyond a point a pressure point turns into breaking point — the worrying part is that it’s virtually impossible to know beforehand where that point lies.

Take the court. It harries and harasses. To get its way, it chucks out one prime minister. Then it harries and harasses the next prime minister.

By a stroke of luck, Zardari is all equanimity and philosophical about it. Musharraf had three prime ministers in one term, he reasons, and look at the arsenal he had at his disposal.

If Zardari didn’t see things that way — and you suspect the court wishes he didn’t — the pressure could easily tip over to breaking point.

But back to the civilians — because until they perform we’re destined to stumble around endlessly — and the amount of pressure that is brought to bear on them.

There was Qadri. Before him there was Mansoor Ijaz. Before Ijaz, there was Imran Khan. After Qadri there will be someone else.

Some of the pressure is misguided, some isn’t. But none of it can be wished away. And it can’t be wished away because the stick of public accountability — being voted out at the ballot box — isn’t effective enough.

To believe Zardari will be chastened and a man reformed by electoral defeat is to believe in the tooth fairy and Santa Claus. Sharif is a man chastened and reformed, but his government in Punjab is hardly a model of progress and inspiration.

The other forces can’t be wished away. They will keep exerting pressure. And Pakistan will keep flirting with danger: where pressure on the democratic forces will be ratcheted up so high by the non-democratic forces that it may trigger breaking point.

It is as depressing as it is true: change won’t come without pressure, but the only side from which meaningful pressure is applied doesn’t know when to stop.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Locked and reloaded, already?

NOW that that’s over, let’s try and figure out what it meant.

First, the soft option. Qadri was launched to achieve several things.

One: activate the non-Wahabis/Deobandis. Battered and bruised by the Wahabi-Deobandi combine, the establishment is looking for a counter-narrative, the senior generals concerned that extremism is threatening to bubble over.

Numerically, the Barelvis and Shias are a bigger cohort and a safer bet, but they’re politically inactive or split. Meanwhile, the Deobandis have their mosque and madressah network to spread their tentacles in both state and society.

The Wahabi-Deobandi combine has fomented instability and now it’s time to try and rescue the army rank and file and society at large from the more dangerous elements of that combine.

Qadri’s march has put him on the map, the first step in the long road to politically mobilising the Barelvi community, historically riven by inter-pir rivalries.

Two: discredit the politicians. Suddenly, with general elections on the horizon, we’re being reminded that all politicians are, well, scum.

They lie, they cheat, they defraud, they avoid paying taxes, they’re tyrannical, they’re loathsome, they’re Not To Be Trusted, they’re the reason Pakistan is the mess it is today.

The people may elect them again, but they sure as hell will be under no illusion that the representatives they will elect could, at some level, be decent people or even adequate leaders if given the time and space.

Who wins when the politicians-are-scum trope is peddled so furiously? Someone’s got to run the place; do we really need to ask what’s the alternative?

Three: a partial cleaning-up. The focus on Articles 62/63, tweaked and energised by men in uniform when in-charge, is a cudgel to whack at least some politicians over the head with.

The worst-of-the-worst, the serial offenders, the detritus that clings barnacle-like to the creaking hull of the state — they exist in greater numbers than can be stomached.

If you can’t get all the politicians, at least pull the incorrigibly ugly out of the game. They do exist: politicians whose sole aim is to maximise personal profit and in doing so expose the public to maximum losses.

Left to their own devices, the politicians will never clean up their own house. A Qadri-like jolt to the system could force their hand though, winning some concessions that more normal circumstances would never bring.

Four: an apolitical caretaker set-up. The PPP and PML-N’s choice for interim prime minister will necessarily be someone who favours politics, politicians and the democratic process.

While the caretaker government’s mandate is limited and term short, it will still be the government and the prime minister will still have a very large megaphone — meaning, they can push back.

Push back against whom? In Fata, KP and Balochistan, the army will have some role come election time — a reality guaranteed by the presence of troops in those areas.

And that’s before a decision is taken on whether to try and shape overall results and mould the incoming assemblies to serve certain purposes.

Even if the army chooses to remain passive during the election cycle, it is still vulnerable to a politically selected caretaker set-up: what if the interim prime minister, and the team he selects, is avowedly against the army’s political role? The army could find itself clubbed over the head by crusading caretakers with nothing to lose. So better an apolitical caretaker set-up — even better, an anti-political one — just in case.

So much for the soft option. Surely, though, the grand spectacle that is Qadri was not launched just to achieve some second-tier effects.

Second-tier effects are desirable but they are only a consolation prize.

The big prize remains the same: delay the elections indefinitely; bring in a team of competents; and effect change on two fronts.

First, stabilise the economy and implement a series of well-known and much-needed reforms. Second, counter the strands of extremism and terrorism that pose a direct threat to the state’s interests as articulated by the army.

They’ve failed, right? The big prize is out of grasp now, isn’t it?

The assemblies have just weeks to go before their terms are up and general elections are just a handful of months away.

Even in the land where anything is possible, some things are more possible than others, right?

Maybe not.

Crises in Pakistan have a gestation period. Qadri was able to circumvent the rule of thumb of three-to-six months before a crisis becomes full-blown with the massive amounts of money available to him.

He could buy his way to insta-crisis status in a way few others can. As for those few, unknown, others, they have a problem: now that Qadri’s done it, another outsider will have to find another novel way to break in. You can’t just replicate crises.

But put your ear to the ground and the PPP and the PML-N remain unsettled. They think there’s more to come yet.

More to come, but from where exactly? Three names pop up: MQM, PML-Q, PTI.

All three are already in the game, all have crisis-generating abilities, and all are a bit like Lance Armstrong until earlier this week: you know which camp they belong to, but have to suffer their denials in the absence of public proof.

Can the PPP resist and the PML-N continue to stand tall? Possibly.

But their reluctance to go for elections immediately is hurting them, because more time in power means more time for opponents to plot their downfall.

Locked and reloaded, there’s more to come yet. Though Pakistan being Pakistan, it’s difficult to guess when and from where exactly.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The perfect mess

QADRI is on his way to Islamabad and the conspiracy theorists are in overdrive.

With facts scarcer than ever, there’s even a theory that he may not arrive in Islamabad tomorrow. The fundamental uncertainty of politics here means anything is possible.

Just how possible? Let’s recap, in no particular order of believability or widespread-ness, the conspiracy theories about who put Qadri up to this long march business.

Theory No 1: Zardari. The president wants to be re-elected as president. The electoral college — the provincial assemblies and parliament — is configured such at present that if the assemblies’ lives were somehow to be extended till the expiration of Zardari’s term in September, he’d be guaranteed re-election.

A general election could substantially change the presidential-election math, though. But how to postpone the general election, when the PML-N is waiting in the wings and the PTI is determined to try its luck?

The Qadri wildcard. Long-marching, slogan-chanting, game-changing Qadri appears out of nowhere and threatens political chaos — giving Zardari that elusive excuse to extend the life of parliament by means of some as-yet-unclear constitutional mechanism.

Theory No 2: MQM. The party of urban Sindh is obsessed with protecting its base. But nestled as its base is in greater — interior — Sindh, the MQM has to use every trick in the book and then some to get its way.

Tantrums, blackmail, threats, the MQM will do whatever it takes to ensure Karachi, and Hyderabad, remains under its control.

Strip away the theatrics from Altaf’s Thursday speech and you’re left with the mention of local government elections and the Sindh governorship. Assume, and this is quite a safe assumption, there are more demands that will never be heard of in public.

Demands that the MQM wants met, but how to get its senior coalition partner in Sindh and the centre, the PPP, to accede to those demands?

Enter Qadri. With street power at his command and a message that is in lock-step with the army-led establishment’s, Qadri’s arrival was meant to create a threatening uncertainty — an uncertainty about the establishment’s real intentions; an uncertainty that was supercharged when the MQM climbed on the Qadri bandwagon.

Give us what we want, the MQM appeared to be saying to the PPP, or we’ll help your enemies take you down. A credible threat because the MQM would not exactly struggle to find a place, or protect its interests, in the new dispensation.

Theory No 3: Americans/Brits. Disillusioned by the incompetence and drift of the last five years, worried that the next election will produce another hung parliament and weak government, desperate to keep Pakistan stable as the Afghan adventure winds down — do they need more of an incentive to try and shape politics here again?

Qadri’s international network, his ‘moderate’, Barelvi leanings, his diehard followers inside Pakistan, all of that makes him just the guy to jolt the political system, create the space for the democratic project to be paused and hand over the reins to a team of competents to guide the country out of the mess it is in.

All of it backstopped by the army, just when its cooperation in Afghanistan over the next couple of years is needed most. Better for the Americans to satisfy the man who can deliver here, Gen K, than to back the civilians who control little.

Theory No 4: Kayani. The power-grab theory by a power-hungry Gen K is straightforward enough. But there’s also a more exotic potential motive attributed to the general with a taste for the convoluted.

The Americans know Gen K will ultimately stand in their way, so they’d liked to see the back of him come November. A craven and pliant civilian government would help the Americans insert an ambitious but malleable successor in Gen K’s place.

That successor would then help the Americans achieve their dream of institutionally reshaping the army to better suit American interests in Pakistan and the region.

Ergo, to prevent the Americans from destroying the army from within, Gen K has activated Qadri. Once the democratic process is on hold, Gen K can continue beyond 2013 and protect the institutional integrity and independence of the army.

These wacky and weird theories have nothing in common, as befits most sets of conspiracy theories.

They do, though, hint at an underlying reality, a reality that is vexing and can appear unwelcome because it is chaotic. But within that reality may lie the seeds of systemic resilience and durability.

How is it possible for the same event — Qadri’s long march to get the elections postponed — to produce such wildly differing theories to cui bono, who benefits?

If the Zardari-wants-to-get-re-elected-by-the-present-assemblies theory is right, then that means he has enough power to exert his will over all the other players in the game.

If the Kayani-wants-to-prolong-his-reign-for-whatever-reason theory is correct, then that means he has enough power to exert his will over all the other players in the game.

Both can’t simultaneously be correct, for Kayani and Zardari are both central players in the power game on the national stage.

There’s a simpler explanation — and it also explains the existence of the contradictory conspiracy theories: no player has the ability to impose their will on all the other players. Nobody can get all that they want in the battle for control.

Not Kayani. Not Zardari. Not Qadri. Not Sharif. Not CJ Iftikhar. Not the Americans. No one.

It’s not elegant or easy to grasp, like a stalemate in a game of chess — which explains the frustration of everyone, including a bemused public.

But this messy, noisy, ugly-looking draw that events and moves by the various players have helped engineer has one distinct advantage: it favours continuity.

Shake it, rattle it, batter it, and yet it survives — allowing the country to inch closer to one thing it’s never had: a civilian-led transition.

The old order may resent it, the public today may not appreciate it, but give the unwanted its due: let’s hail the perfect mess.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Collateral benefits

IN failure, there can be success. Sometimes.

Imran Khan has failed in his central objective: he is no longer a genuine contender for power and the PTI has not become the third force it once threatened to be in the heady days after the Lahore rally 14 months ago.

But Khan has already delivered. He has, arguably, already fulfilled the political potential he genuinely had.

Confused?

Khan never seriously threatened to capture political power because in his decade and a half in the political wilderness he never really matured as a politician.

Khan’s star turn arrived a year and change ago because the status quo options had fallen precipitously in the public standing.

In a deeply flawed system with deeply flawed incumbents, the incumbents were always going to suffer a dip in their public appeal mid-term.

Because it’s been repeated so often and so religiously, everyone knows that by now.

And because Khan aimed for the stars, falling short of the stars means he’s been dismissed or derided.

But to do that is to miss Khan’s original, true potential: to alarm the status quo into lifting its game.

In that, Khan has half succeeded.

For Khan and his followers, there is little solace in the fact that of the principal existing players — PPP and PML-N — they have shaken one of those players into doing their job better.

Khan’s purpose, after all, is not just for the people to be better served by their representatives, but for him to serve the people better.

For everyone else, though, Khan is potential realised, at least on the PML-N front.

Panicked and in disarray, the PML-N leadership got down to a mid-term regeneration and revival. The PML-N reached out to the grassroots. It started listening to what the people wanted.

As luck would have it, the outreach coincided with NFC money pouring into the provincial coffers. Flush with cash, the PML-N went on a spending binge.

Laptops may be a waste of precious rupees; the project-oriented spending is probably not the wisest use of development money; vanity projects like the rapid bus service in Lahore are far from a sure thing; pouring concrete here, there and everywhere isn’t environmentally or aesthetically pleasing — but compared to the decrepitude of Balochistan and the profligacy and wastefulness of KP and Sindh?

Alarmed and shaken by the PTI, the PML-N and the Punjab government got their act together. If you happen to live in Punjab, that’s a good thing.

And much as it may disappoint Khan that it isn’t him doing it, isn’t the central point of Khan’s message that a better kind of politics and governance is possible?

Both the PML-N and the PTI will be loath to admit it — for opposite, though equally obvious, reasons — but the revival in Punjab is down to the PTI.

The PPP, that has been a different story for a different reason: the PTI’s rise was little threat to Zardari’s view of the electoral map.

In interior Sindh, PTI has no hope. In south Punjab, the likes of Shah Mehmood Qureshi, Javed Hashmi and Jahangir Tarin don’t seriously undermine the PPP’s push. Urban and north and central Punjab, Zardari has all but abandoned anyway.

No threat to the base,

no action required. Khan’s anti-corruption, anti-incumbency, anti-West message just didn’t have the kind of resonance with the PPP voter the PPP leadership cares about to jolt the leadership into responding.

The point to this extended digression on Khan and his impact? Pressure works. Often in ways it is not conjured up for.

Which brings us to Qadri, the latest orchestrated bolt of lightning to hit the political landscape.

If Qadri succeeds in delaying elections, everyone loses. Everyone, that is, except those who will have one hand at the helm and the other in the till during an extended caretaker set-up.

But assume Qadri fails in his explicit objective — could he still end up doing some good, despite his manifestly malign intentions?

Since the Senate elections last March and the fifth budget of this government last June, what has been the point to this government plodding on?

There is no point; no goal left other than a civilian-led transition. But Zardari has fended off that moment because it’s hard to let go when you don’t have to.

Drift, ineptitude, hanging on for the sake of hanging on, clinging on to suckle at the teats of the state a little while longer – none of that has anything to do with furthering the democratic project.

If anything, the democratic project needs to be aired out some. If anything, the democratic project needs to be rescued from the maws of the democrats.

An election would surely be no catharsis, but it would at least rejuvenate the system some.

People will wave their flags; politicians will shout their slogans; voters will pause to think about what they want from their leaders and who best can deliver; candidates will scramble to tweak their message — the form of democracy may get some more substance.

The best, and possibly only, thing Zardari could have done for democracy the past six months is pull the trigger on a general election.

But he hasn’t done it. Enter Qadri.

Like Khan, Qadri can fail, and yet succeed — maybe not from a personal perspective, but from the standpoint of inadvertent, and system-wide, good.

A few hundred thousand people in Islamabad, on the back of the showing in Lahore and Karachi, will amount to real pressure, particularly given the suspicions about who is behind Qadri.

If it causes Zardari to buckle and call the election — like the one-two punch of the Nawaz-led long march and Kayani pressure did to restore the CJ in March ’09 — then praise to Allah and let’s get on with the business of an election and consign Qadri to where he belongs: a footnote in history.

The country needs an election, deserves an election and should get an election. Now. Zardari hasn’t given the country what it needs and deserves because there’s been no real pressure on him. Until now.

Malign, then, as Qadri and his backers’ true intentions may be, perhaps a little bit of success by the Qadri juggernaut wouldn’t be so bad for Project Democracy.

But only a little success. For if Zardari doesn’t buckle, let’s hope he can wriggle away.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Much ado about nothing much

IT’S been a busy week, it’s the end of the year, so straight to some talking points.

The anti-democrats If you talk long enough, you’re liable to say a revealing thing or two. Qadri, the political impresario who electrified non-voters, said many odd things in Lahore.

Politicians are corrupt, system needs cleansing, good governance, blah, blah, blah. In channelling the establishment’s thinking, he did a bang-up job.

But embedded in that quasi-logic was an insight into why short-circuiting the democratic project is always such an imperative for some folks.

Initially, the argument is always couched in instrumentalist terms: if you want a better, more prosperous, more stable, more secure Pakistan, than you need a more committed, more professional, more patriotic type of leader. I.E. anyone but a constituency politician, and preferably someone in uniform.

But it’s not really about ends; it’s about control — or more appropriate, an unwillingness to cede control.

How dare the two largest parties, elected by the people, decide on their own who will steer the country through the next election, Qadri thundered.

How dare the two largest parties, elected by the people, exclude the other ‘stakeholders’ in the system, Qadri roared. Interesting.

Said with the conviction of Qadri, the underlying logic can get obscured.

The PPP and PML-N aren’t just the two largest political parties in Pakistan. They represent two very different parts of the population spectrum.

Rural and urban. Landless peasants and small-business owners. Poor and middle class; middle class and upper class. Secular and conservative. Agriculturalists and big business.

But it’s just not that. In mature democracies, the two-party system is an accepted, and acceptable, standard.

Try telling the Democrats and the Republicans in America that they can’t make legislative and governance choices on the people’s behalf because they’re only two parties.

In saying what he did, Qadri — and the establishment that cheers him on or set him loose or blows him kisses or whatever — expressed a contempt not just for politicians, but of politics itself, of the electoral kind anyway.

The Qadri & co agenda may be sold as the promise of fixing Pakistan, but it’s really about controlling Pakistan — for their good, not yours or mine.

The PPP problem

The haters hated and the jiyalas loved Bilawal’s breakout speech in Garhi Khuda Bakhsh. All very predictable for a partisan show meant to whip up the party base.

But what a missed opportunity.

Bilawal is a kid, part of the very same youth bulge that, for the first time since the lowering of the voting age in 2002, could have an electoral impact.

Imran Khan, in his 60s now, fervently courts youth support. The Sharifs, with hair transplants for Christ’s sake, have tried desperately to politically animate the youth.

And here you have a kid, speaking in heavily accented Urdu and all of that, yes, but still a kid, talking about the politics of martyrdom and handouts and roti, kapra aur makaan, a slogan his grandfather championed 45 years ago.

Sure, you can’t ignore the base ahead of an election, but the poverty of thinking in the PPP brain trust was underlined this week by Bilawal’s speechwriters, who simply rehashed an old message for a new generation of Bhuttos and jiyalas.

It wasn’t just the youth who were ignored. If you happen to live in urban Pakistan, are reasonably well-educated, have a job in the private sector or own a business, what exactly were Bilawal and his speechwriters offering you?

It’s not a new problem. The PPP has long struggled to adapt to the changing demographics of Pakistan, retreating further and further into its rural base in interior Sindh and southern Punjab and the politics of martyrdom in pockets elsewhere. But the party’s messaging problems have accelerated under Zardari’s leadership, partly because Zardari’s primary purpose is power, not the protection of brand PPP.

You can see it in the big leadership changes he’s made this year. Anwar Saifullah in KP, Wattoo in Punjab, a PML-F guy as the new governor: Zardari has farmed out the PPP’s electoral campaign in swathes of the country to party outsiders. If that seems inexplicable on the eve of a general election, it is.

Bilawal may be politically too young to understand what’s happening to him and the party he will inherit twice — once from his mother, a second time from his father — but there will come a day when he will have to rescue his party from his father.

Election time?

Call the election, give us a date, do it now. Everyone is clamouring for Zardari to call the election.

It’s a final ace up Zardari’s sleeve: despite all the legislative disempowering of the presidency, the date of the next general election will be set by Zardari.

So what’s he waiting for?

For one, neither he nor the Sharifs are in a hurry. There’s development money still to be spent, fairy dust to sprinkle over ramshackle constituencies to make people forget the bad and hope for the good. The more weeks there are to lavish money, the more the fairy dust may work.

For another, who else can force Zardari’s hand to dissolve parliament early? Qadri and his millions? The boys? The robes? Never say never, but meaningful pressure has yet to materialise and time is running out.

Third, if there is a fallback plan, as many suspect there is, then why expedite that process?

The fallback plan: Zardari steers the PPP to second-largest-party status in the National Assembly; hangs on to the provincial governments in Sindh and Balochistan; and with control of the Senate already locked in, works the margins to eke out re-election as president, with the federal government in the PML-N’s hands. Cohabitation, Pakistani-style.

But, and Zardari must especially be relishing this, the call on the election is ultimately Zardari’s to make. If circumstances or calculations change, he can pull the trigger on an early election.

For now, though, for all the speculation and chatter, it still looks like it will be a full term, followed by a fairly short election campaign.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The creeping coup

BY most accounts, Gen K is a lame duck.

Battered by events, undermined by indecision, compromised by the extension — few chiefs who haven’t run the country directly have appeared so weak before. Beware the premature political obituary.

Quietly and deliberately, the chief has tightened his control over the mother of all institutions in Pakistan.

From the ISPR to the ISI, Gen K exercises full and direct operational control in a manner few other chiefs have managed.

Every chief appoints loyalists to key positions but it’s the extent to which some offices have become invisible under Gen K that is striking.

After Pasha, the ISI needed a lower-profile DG, but to the extent Islam has been? The myth of a state within a state, of rogue sub-institutions and the like has always been just that — a myth.

The chief directed policy and the ISI — sometimes reluctantly; mostly marching in lockstep — followed orders. But there was still some air between the two before; space that Gen K appears to have swallowed up.

The former DG ISI is the de facto current DG ISI.

Elsewhere, five years of controlling appointments and careers has meant a council of elders, i.e. the corps commanders, that reflects a very personal taste.

There may be widening snark and emasculatory nicknames being bandied around at lower levels, but at the top, the ranks have closed around the chief.

It helps that the cost of dissent is unacceptably high, given that with a stroke of the pen the special ones can be cast into oblivion.

But all of this power, to what end?

In 2010, when the extension was wanted and so granted, the guess was, to be chief-for-life.

Quickly enough, events intervened and that goal seemed to slip out of reach.

Then, events intervened again, this time towards a more fortuitous bend.

Perhaps the most dispiriting of all developments in recent months has been the Americans, and to some extent, the British, rediscovering their love for our boys in uniform.

That the US has seen Pakistan through the prism of Afghanistan over the past decade is well known enough.

But as 2014 approaches and political deadlines exert ever-more-urgent pressure, the prism itself, never clear or coherent to begin with, is becoming murkier and murkier.

There is much talk about fundamentals and bare minimums and red lines in the Afghan project but when push comes to shove, it will ultimately come down to this:

The US wants a dignified exit from Afghanistan after 2014 — essentially, to wind down combat operations without the whiff of defeat — and for Afghanistan to hold together long enough to put some distance between the war and collapse, if collapse is in fact inevitable.

For that minimal project in Afghanistan, Pakistan’s help is needed.

And when the Americans look at Pakistan and who can deliver what here, their eyes inevitably drift towards the boys.

Call it naivety, call it desperation, or perhaps a bit of both, but all the chatter of a changing Pakistani approach to Afghanistan — a last-minute change of heart that neatly fits into American drawdown timelines — flows from the hope that Pakistan will not play the role of spoiler.

As ever, sensing an opportunity to mask its own fears with the aura of indispensability — and also having absorbed the lesson of overplaying its hands after the Salala attack — the Pakistan Army has dangled the carrot of cooperation just so.

Prisoner releases, action against some cross-border militant activity, healthy conversations, convergences — it’s as if after a decade of being on opposite sides of a war, the US and Pakistan have suddenly woken up to the realisation that they have common interests after all.

If you don’t quite buy the theory of converging interests, there is another, more realistic explanation:

Sensing a new chapter about to begin in Afghanistan and unsure how it will play out, Gen K is hedging his bets. Better to keep the lines of communication with the US open and be privy to their evolving approach than to be shut out and unable to head off harmful choices by the US or see them coming and adjust for them.

In many ways, it reflects the Musharraf approach in 2001, when he embraced the war on terror and seemingly also the foreign mission in Afghanistan, only to slowly roll out the ‘double game’ once the rules of the new game and its direction had been absorbed.

Ten years on, the Americans ought to know better — but in the world of policy, trying to do something ahead of a significant shift in policy is better than not doing anything.

The generals here may well not cooperate in the end, the Americans will know, but who’s in charge of Afghan policy in Pakistan and who can deliver, if the incentives to deliver are created?

The answer, dispiritingly for those invested in the democratic project in Pakistan, is the same as ever: the boys, now guided by the chief-for-life, Gen K himself.

Combine the vice-like control of the army and its intelligence apparatus with a powerful external player once again courting a ‘pragmatist’ and a general they can ‘do business with’, and we’re back in the realm of indispensability.

Indispensability is not immune to events, of course, as 2011 proved. But a mind focused on survival, and continuity, can adjust when the unexpected hits.

And few have proved better at survival and continuity than Gen K.

Put it this way. 2013 brings with it the expiry of the terms of parliament, the president, the chief justice and the chief — and alone among those four, the chief seems to hold his destiny in his own hands.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

An old bag of tricks

REWIND to 2008.

If someone were to tell you that a PPP-led federal government up to its elbows in patronage would allow the cost of electricity to treble while simultaneously presiding over the collapse of the power sector over its four years in charge, you’d think that person crazy.

It would, and does, sound like political suicide.

And yet that’s precisely what’s happened over the past four years.

Why would the PPP commit electoral suicide?

Competence. Capacity. Capability.

The PPP lacks all of them, so early on it decided the problem was of power generation and concentrated on that aspect to the exclusion of transmission and distribution and billing.

Of course, if you try and pump more expensive-to-produce electricity into an already dysfunctional grid, you’ll end up where the PPP has ended up: presiding over the near-collapse of the power sector while more than trebling the price of electricity.

Imagine the PML-N were to come to power.

On paper, the N-League’s economic team looks better than the PPP’s. But the problem is the Sharifs tend to have break-the-bank ideas — motorways, yellow cabs, sasti roti, housing schemes, danish schools, metro bus systems, etc — that render otherwise relatively decent economic stewardship into something worse.

The PML-N also has a military and a militancy problem.

The military problem is that the boss, Nawaz Sharif, gets that the military is the problem but his party doesn’t share the boss’s vision — they’d rather be co-opted again than be on the outside awaiting an uncertain fate. The militancy problem is that seeing the political and social lie of the land, the PML-N has, either out of fear or sympathy, aligned itself with militant groups in pockets across Punjab.

Better to win as a party in the near term, even if that means everyone loses in the long term — the PML-N does what others would likely do in its place.

See the PPP’s alliance with the Sunni Ittehad Council for reference: a cold calculation that pockets of Barelvi voters will switch sides if the PML-N links up with the Jamaat-i-Islami, never mind that Salmaan Taseer’s killer was whipped into a murderous frenzy by some among the new political ally.

What if Khan came to power?

He’s got the economic team and reasonably good advice on matters political and practical. But Khan’s popularity has less to do with him maturing as a politician than the status quo options declining in public esteem.

So up and up the learning curve Khan will have to go and down and down he will quickly slide. BB and Sharif eventually figured out the problem, but they started out early; Khan is already a sexagenarian.

Ineffectual, ineffectual and ineffectual — that’s what the civilian alternatives line up as.

To acknowledge that is not to damn the civilians. Holding their feet to the fire, as opposed to chucking them into the fire, is part of everyone’s education.

Excoriate but demand better — that’s fair game.

Excoriate but demand the other — the military, the caretakers, the technocrats — that’s something else altogether.

As the elections near, it’s becoming harder to separate the two.

The ones championing a responsible and viable state and society are still out there fighting the good fight, haranguing the civilians into lifting their game.

Amidst them, though, the masked wolves have begun to roam again.

Dark whispers of corruption, tales of impunity and excess, scandals being peddled, lamenting a country lost at the altar of coalition politics, preaching doom and spreading gloom — the old bag of tricks is being dusted off.

The purpose is always the same: to reinforce the doubts systematically sown over the decades that Pakistan is somehow a state and society that can’t prosper as a democracy.

Give the civilians a chance and they’ll always find a way to screw up; give someone else a chance and maybe, if not the first, second, third or fourth time, the next time round they will bring salvation — that’s the seduction of hope set against guaranteed failure.

The civilians help that project by doing a pretty good of screwing up when in charge. The pounding they get from even the critics who get it — democracy, good; particular civilian politicians, bad — can help obscure the difference: after all, what good a democracy in which all politicians are bad?

But all of that could be ridden out bumpily if it weren’t for the wolves with their sly sense of timing.

Through manipulations and interventions, the debate at the periphery is picking up again: must it be a choice between PPP, PML-N and PTI and the usual grimy sidekicks?

Or can we somehow figure out how to pause the system, to give it time to recover, to cleanse it some, to prop it up and set it on its way soon, cantering off towards the promised land of stability and control?

The question is asked innocently, though it is anything but.

It is rooted in a very particular vision of Pakistan: security-centric; veering to the Right; a state in which economic growth and the veneer of stability are the trade-off for the public’s exclusion from deciding the future of state and society.

Elections challenge that version of Pakistan because they are messy and inclusive and give politicians funny ideas about eventually being in charge.

Elections challenge that version of Pakistan because they pull the country further towards the ineffectual politician, and away from the malign anti-democrat.

Because elections are bad for business — the way of business under the old order — we’re being reminded of why politicians are bad.

Damage the latter further and you may undermine the former.

Strap yourself in and hold on to your seat: the weeks ahead look set to be very bumpy.

The writer is a Dawn staffer.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

PML-N recovers lost ground in Punjab

PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif and Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif. — Photo by AFP

LAHORE: Confident, buoyant, ready to take on all comers: the Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz in Punjab is a party unrecognisable from a year ago.

From the rediscovered appetite of Nawaz Sharif for the hard slog of campaigning to comfortably defending seats in the recent by-elections, the PML-N is flexing its electoral muscles in the party’s strongholds in north and central Punjab, and even looking to make gains in south Punjab.

“We had become complacent. Lahore was a wake-up call and ever since Gujranwala we’ve been hard at work,” said Khwaja Asif, a senior PML-N leader, referring to the historic Oct 2011 Lahore rally of the Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf (PTI) and the Dec 31, 2011, PML-N rally that sought to rally shell-shocked party supporters.

The N-Leaguers readily acknowledge that the party has benefited from the inability of the PTI to sustain its unexpected surge of last year.

“Perception matters a lot in politics. As the PTI stumbled, it was back to a choice between the PPP and the PML-N (for voters). Of course they were going to vote PML-N then,” said Sartaj Aziz, a veteran PML-N leader from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa who is vice chancellor of Beaconhouse National University in Lahore.

More proactively, though, the party has created a sophisticated machinery to raise its own stock and attack its opponents.

“There are two strands to the PML-N strategy: development projects and attacking the PTI,” said Suhail Warraich, an expert on Punjab politics. “To ensure the flood of development money is spent as intended, two senior bureaucrats have been deputed to the chief minister’s office specifically to monitor the flow of funds.”

“Then there is the PR machine. Led by Maryam Nawaz, the PML-N has set up a state-of-the-art media centre in Lahore,” Warraich said.

“But perhaps the most effective tool in the PML-N arsenal to break the PTI and other opponents has been its survey teams.”

HUNTING FOR ELECTABLES: According to Warraich and other analysts in Lahore, the PML-N’s strategy of flinging its doors open to so-called electables has been supplemented by meticulous and professional ‘political survey teams’ that have fanned out across the districts of Punjab over the past year.

A PML-N leader explained how the party had studied local political trends and identified potential winning candidates in Punjab:

“We sent our teams to the districts in two phases to see who is up and who is down. We hired professional polling organisations to conduct surveys for the party. We’ve had the Special Branch (of the police) build profiles of various candidates because they have the local knowledge and are up-to-date. So we have a much better idea about the dynamics in the districts and which groupings and panels to build.”

The strategy has even engendered optimism that the PML-N will make inroads in south Punjab, a region with approximately 45 of Punjab’s 148 directly elected parliamentary seats and where the PML-N is considered weak as compared to the PPP and the PML-Q.

“In the old Bahawalpur division we should pick up seats. Other districts like Muzaffargarh, Lodhran and Vehari we may improve in,” said Khwaja Asif, declining to speak on the record about the particular candidates the party is wooing or vetting.

Analysts, however, caution that while strong candidates on the hunt for a party ticket are lining up for talks with the PML-N, just as they were knocking on the PTI’s doors until earlier this year, the freelance and mercenary nature of much of Punjab’s politics means the PML-N can take little for granted.

“The party convinced Nawaz Sharif to open the doors to turncoats like Zahid Iqbal,” said Ashraf Mumtaz, a veteran Lahore-based journalist, referring to the winning candidate in the recent Sahiwal by-election who quit the PPP to join the PML-N. “But what’s the guarantee turncoats will stand by the PML-N in tough times? And there’s still a long way to go before the election, so it’s hard to say how many will be with the PML-N at election time.”

TOUGH FIGHT: While publicly the PML-N suggests it will dominate Punjab, at least the north and centre, which have 105 directly elected National Assembly seats, party leaders accept in private that a tough fight lies ahead in the general election.

Speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal party projections, a PML-N leader said: “If the trend continues, PML-N should be number 1, PPP number 2 and PTI number 3 in parliament. But the scale is hard to predict and will remain so until closer to the election.”

The leader continued: “As it stands, the PPP could end up with 50 seats or 80 (in the full 342-member National Assembly). Imran (Khan) could get 'MQM-size numbers' or slightly more. For us, 120 is the benchmark. Anything less, say 110, and it will be a struggle to form and sustain a government.”

Privately, PML-N leaders also accept, and other party leaders contend, that a four-way fight for Punjab — involving the PML-N, PPP, PML-Q and PTI — is still the most likely electoral scenario, rendering premature the predictions of a sizable overall victory for the N-League in the province.

Shafqat Mahmood, the PTI’s information secretary, said: “We’ve been distracted by our party elections. But once we get past that, we’ll have 13 elected party officials in almost every union council. The party will capture the support that is still very much out there for us.”

Leaders of PML-N acknowledge that polling data commissioned by the party continues to show significant support for the PTI in Punjab. In addition, some PML-N leaders speculate that the PTI could benefit from the PPP’s declining fortunes in north and central Punjab. “In the latest by-elections, we’ve received some reports of PPP votes that may be swinging towards the PTI,” a PML-N leader said.

PPP, PML-Q FALL BEHIND: For its part, the PPP-PML-Q alliance is still expected to eke out seats in Punjab on the back of candidates with strong local support. “The PML-Q has gone from being the King’s party to trying to become the kingmaker,” said Ashraf Mumtaz, the Lahore-based journalist. “They have the candidates to return to parliament with an MQM-type strength.”

“The PPP has got nothing to take to voters after the performance of the past four years, but they still have strongholds like Mandi (Bahauddin) and Gujrat. And with the PTI a factor, it’s hard to predict a total wipeout of the PPP because some of the three-way contests between N-League, PTI and PPP could swing the PPP’s way,” Mumtaz said.

Pervaiz Elahi, the former Punjab chief minister, who remains confident about the PML-Q’s prospects in Punjab, was less charitable about the PPP’s chances: “Gilani (the former premier) wasted four years. If he had done something, anything, it would have been possible to take some concrete achievement to the voters. But nothing was done.”

In a nod to the surging fortunes of bitter rival PML-N, Elahi said: “The best thing would be an anti-Nawaz coalition. We, PPP, JUI-F and PTI should join together and prevent the PML-N from coming back to power.”

With the PPP in deep trouble, the PML-Q reduced to a supporting role and the PTI’s second wind yet to materialise, the PML-N’s path to a clear victory in Punjab appears to have opened significantly.

But a PML-N leader cautioned: “Yes, the momentum is with us. But had we done better in the first three years, we would have been impossible to catch by now. We didn’t and so there’s still a fight on our hands. Can anyone stop our momentum? There’s always the army.”

Pushing back

RARE is the moment that Asif Zardari is found on the right side of the law and constitution.

Even rarer is a whispered consensus among even the more ardent public supporters of the court that the judiciary has drifted into matters deeply questionable.

Never before have such moments arrived simultaneously.

The arcane here is more illustrative than the obvious, so forget about Arsalan Iftikhar, delimitation in Karachi and CNG for a minute and turn to the shenanigans in the Islamabad High Court.

Thirteen questions in a presidential reference and enough legalese to make the head spin can obscure the implications of the tussle over judicial appointments in the IHC.

Essentially, Judge A of the IHC has been elevated to the Supreme Court, necessitating a replacement chief justice of the IHC.

Judge B was by well-established precedent and in practice regarded as the senior-most justice of the IHC, the president has argued, and so by the law of seniority, the indisputable successor as chief justice.

But Judge C was nominated as the next chief justice of the IHC by the Judicial Commission, which initiates and effectively controls the nomination process for superior court judges.

Why chuck aside Judge B and install Judge C as the next chief justice?

The grapevine dare only whisper the answer: Judge C is a favourite from Quetta of the messiah from Quetta.

It gets more interesting.

Judge D of the IHC was nearing the end of his year-long appointment and the Judicial Commission had to decide whether to recommend retaining him or cut him loose.

Crowned next-in-line for the IHC chief justiceship, Judge C, the favourite from Quetta, helped steer Judge D’s permanent appointment through the Judicial Commission.

Judge D’s claim to fame?

Notoriously, he helped mount a heroic defence of Mumtaz Qadri in the Pindi Bar Association.

Remember those rose petals heaped on the sick little man who killed Salmaan Taseer? That was the Pindi Bar Association.

But Judge D has added something even more valuable to his resumé: the affection of the messiah from Quetta.

Zardari is right in refusing to sanction the changes in the IHC.

It looks like the appointment process is being manipulated to ensure a hermetically sealed judiciary in which the judges, and only the judges themselves, decide who can be a judge, with favouritism trumping legal precedent.

The pity here is that the politicians in the Parliamentary Committee are too timid to speak up, rendering what they know is a cut-and-dry case of judicial overreach into a murkier public battle between the presidency and the superior judiciary.

Massaging the judicial appointment process may seem small bore — until its effects come into focus.

That Kayani extension case in the IHC?

It was originally before the judge now elevated to the Supreme Court. He chucked it out in September.

Fast forward several weeks and the two rumoured favourites in the IHC gave the petitioner a second shot by expediting his appeal against the dismissed petition.

Not for nothing do some conspiracy theories exist here.

By this point, few can defend the court’s manifold and wide-ranging interventions with a straight face. Even the fiercest supporters of yore are quietly expressing doubts over the mission and ambition of the post-2009 judiciary.

Is it all madcap or is there a method to the madness?

The populist streak — slashing the price of CNG, chastising public servants, excoriating politicians for corruption — keeps the public on the court’s side, helping insulate the court from serious attack by the other players.

The flanks thus protected, the mission and ambition of the post-2009 judiciary can afford to be expansive. But where is it leading to?

The big event on the horizon is the general election.

Will an interventionist court step aside and let the other players get on with the business of deciding the country’s future political direction unimpeded?

We won’t know for sure until we’re at election time.

If the court refrains from injecting itself into the electoral process in a serious way, then God bless and three cheers for an evolving democracy.

But if the court does opt for a frontline role, then the electoral landscape has been readied over the past year for a direct and expansive judicial role.

Rewind to late last year, when suddenly a February deadline for preparing voter lists was imposed on the Election Commission of Pakistan, which had originally calculated it would have preliminary lists ready by April.

The initial reaction of many was, hang on, that’s the ECP’s business. As an autonomous and constitutionally created body with a mandate to conduct elections, the ECP isn’t supposed to be taking directions from others.

But the court pressed ahead and in a few months’ time the constitutionally unusual had become the accepted.

The Gilani ouster helped too. Everyone was so focused on the stubborn refusal of the PPP to write the damn Swiss letter that the circumvention of the ECP’s final authority in the disqualification process went unnoticed.

Stack on top of those events Waheeda Shah, dual nationality, the right to vote for overseas Pakistanis, questioning the constitutional status of the Balochistan government, and the recent delimitation intervention — and we’re in a transformed landscape where the court has established itself as a significant electoral player.

How big a player?

Work with the likelihood that the next election will produce a hung parliament and every seat will count in complex coalition talks.

Assume that the Pakistani proclivity of losing candidates to cry foul will have many pounding on the doors of the courts.

If the court were to pause the results in 15 or 20 constituencies on individual petitions or question the invariable shenanigans in swathes of the electorate, a game-changing role will become reality.

There are other possibilities of intervention, some easier to guess than others. Will any of them materialise?

Maybe or maybe not.

But that’s why pushback is so important. Step aside and everyone is left at the mercy of the mission and ambition of the messianic court.

The presidential reference is a well-thought-out and necessary attempt at pushing back. More will inevitably be needed if the judicial genie is to be prevented from stalking the electoral landscape.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

A game-changing deal?

ARE you a bit bored? With this whole politics thing at the moment?

It seems quite stale all of a sudden. Gone is the riveting drama, the over-the-top theatre, the breathless uncertainty, the sound and the fury. Even the kooky conspiracy theories are struggling to gain much traction.

The problem is the election: there will be one but its inching closer at a glacial pace. Spring feels like an eternity away.

In the land of perma-crisis and forever churning political waters, this pause is almost unreal. Surely something must be afoot.

There is stuff afoot; just not necessarily of the kind speculation is focusing on. Think less coup or elections deferred and more the hard slog of pre-electoral politics: working the angles, oiling the campaign machine, putting the chess pieces in place.

The PPP is hard at work as is the PML-N, while the PTI has gone back to the drawing board. The PML-Q, ANP and the religious right are all trying to figure out how to hold on to their pieces of the electoral jigsaw.

Amidst all the shoring up of defences and quiet canvassing for support, there is one idea that neither the PPP nor the PML-N dare speak the name of, but it does continue to hang in the political air: an electoral understanding between the two parties in Punjab.

In theory, at least, it’s a tantalising idea. Punjab, the key to any electoral math, is what the Sharifs care about most and where the PPP needs a chunk of seats to hold on to power at the centre.

In an era of coalition politics, splitting Punjab three, or four or five, ways guarantees a weak government at the centre and would imperil the Sharifs’ control of Punjab at the provincial level.

A weaker central government, dependent on multiple allies with an increased seat count from the present assembly, suits neither the PML-N nor the PPP — in theory at least — because it’ll be just that much harder to get anything done, good or bad.

So, enlightened self-interest, of a qualitatively different kind to that seen so far, could push for a deal between Zardari and Sharif.

Let the big boys get what they need from Punjab — for the Sharifs, tightening their grip in the provincial assembly and slapping down any threat at the federal level from the PTI; for Zardari, enough of a harvest of seats at the centre to chart a path to five more years — and ensure no one crashes their party come next spring.

But is the self-interest of Zardari and Sharif enlightened enough?

In the world of subtle political shifts, Zardari and Sharif have appeared to close ranks on occasion over the life of the present assemblies. But it’s mostly been in response to perceived threats from the army.

If the self-appointed custodians of the national interest make a move, you lose and I lose — both Zardari and Sharif have internalised that and given each other space to manoeuvre for survival when they’ve felt the threat grow.

But that threat is more about the circumvention of elections, not picking favourites come election time.

The more the army seems hands-off as the election nears, the less the value of that threat to focus the minds of Zardari and Sharif.

The other big incentive for a power-sharing agreement was the rise of the PTI. Cut a deal to save the status quo or risk both being swept away by the PTI. Except the PTI hasn’t quite lived up to the hype.

Nothing left to enlighten Zardari and Sharif’s self interest, then?

The problem is more that both camps are increasingly confident of their electoral strategy in Punjab.

Zardari thinks he can still grab Punjab, or at least enough of a slice of Punjab to complement the haul from Sindh and Balochistan to hold on in Islamabad.

The Sharifs think their party has bounced back from the body blow Imran Khan landed in October 2011. Now, the Sharifs believe, the party is in fighting condition to consolidate its grip over Punjab in the provincial assembly and muscle its way to becoming the largest party in the National Assembly.

The Zardari logic seems more bluster than fact at the moment, but the Sharifs may just be right: they have flexed their muscles and found Punjab still responds to the Sharif might.

Knowing that, the dealmaker in Zardari may be tempted to think about a deal instead of rolling the dice in Punjab — present projection of confidence notwithstanding.

But for all of Zardari’s charm — should he choose to deploy it — the Sharif arrogance can be hard to overcome.

A year since the PTI earthquake in Lahore, the PML-N thinks it has more than made amends and is even eyeing power in Islamabad.

The assumption, though, is that the PTI will not get a second wind. That having peaked too early, the party is in inexorable decline and can’t and won’t bounce back.

Looking at Khan, you can’t really see him coming up with fresh ideas between now and spring. But Khan doesn’t need to dominate Punjab to upset the PML-N’s plans, or the PPP’s projections.

If conventional wisdom has it that Khan would win just 20 seats were elections to be held tomorrow, better organisation and smarter campaigning could eke out a further chunk of seats in a crowded field.

The deepest irony in the PPP and PML-N’s resistance to a deal and Zardari and Sharif’s conviction they’ve got the math on their individual sides?

They look a bit like Musharraf going into February 2008.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Notes from Afghanistan

IT took a while to register. Something was missing.

Sitting cross-legged on rug-covered floors, sprawled on elaborately upholstered sofas, walking through bazaars, being driven around in the ubiquitous SUVs that are the elites’ preferred mode of travel, talking to Afghans about Afghanistan, about the insurgency, about the future — and yet it never came up.

The Haqqani network.

Nobody mentioned it. Not in Jalalabad. Not in Kabul. Not in the several provinces the road to Mazar-i-Sharif winds through.

It was like the Haqqanis didn’t matter.

They do of course. In Khost — and Paktika and Paktia too — the Haqqanis matter.

But HQN, the Americans’ shorthand for the Haqqani network, is the group that has bedevilled ties between Pakistan and the US.

It is the group that has come to symbolise the difference between the illusion of victory and the ignominy of defeat for the Americans and the strategic stubbornness of the Pakistan Army.

Surely, it had to figure somewhere in the Afghans’ assessment of their country’s future.

Part of the problem is semantics. Afghans don’t automatically differentiate between the sub-groups and franchises of the Taliban. There is just ‘the Taliban’.

But it’s also that the Haqqanis aren’t seen by Afghans as central to the post-2014 puzzle.

They are, and will remain, a piece of the jigsaw, but just a piece. Khost isn’t to Afghanistan what Kabul, or Kandahar, is.

It shouldn’t have come as a surprise. But it did.

Such is the power of narratives that states build up around conflicts and that are perpetuated, wittingly and unwittingly, until everyone forgets the multiple assumptions those narratives are built on.

Wandering around Afghanistan’s north, by road, without a security escort, during the day and in the pitch dark of night, is an exercise in myth busting.

Peer at Afghanistan from outside and you’re likely to think the whole place is just waiting for the government to collapse, civil war to erupt and the Taliban to once again be the last men standing.

That whole business of time and watches and Taliban tenacity outliving Western, and Afghans’, commitment to fashioning some kind of stability.

Yes, the Taliban and the insurgency are real. As is the corruption and malfeasance and utter decrepitude of the government. As are ethnic tensions.

And the West’s commitment and interest will gradually disappear, definitely not in 2014 but who knows, maybe five or 10 years down the road.

But Afghans aren’t obsessing over the Taliban insurgency and what Mullah Omar may or may not do.

Part of the reason is that the Taliban aren’t the cross-ethnic coalition of Mujahideen against the Soviets.

Yes, the Taliban are incredibly strong in the south and active in the east, north and even the west.

But Pakhtuns are roughly 40 per cent of the population — the high-end estimate of some Pakhtun chauvinists is 60 per cent, but more pragmatic Pakhtuns acknowledge the lower figure may be closer to reality. How many active Taliban are there? Twenty thousand, thirty or maybe forty? Add in the sympathisers and facilitators and enablers and you’re still at just a slice of the overall Pakhtun population.

The Taliban violence will never be quelled militarily. Which is why reconciliation is such a big deal.

But Afghans are more focused on something else: the elections in 2014.

Elections, more than quelling the insurgency, are seen as key to holding together the Afghan project. That, and the conviction the West won’t repeat the mistake of 1989, turning out the lights and never looking back until Osama turned up.

Both are big assumptions.

But they also suggest that only a sustained series of catastrophic misjudgements and miscalculations by the Afghans and the West will automatically lead to the unravelling that the outside world so fears.

Karzai, a Karzai puppet or someone else as president would have to turn on its head the system of the last decade. To trigger collapse, Kabul would have to resist centrifugal forces — allowing power to flow towards the provinces — and try and replace them with centripetal forces — aggregating more power in the centre, against the grain of Afghan history.

To trigger collapse, Kabul, and the West that backs it, would have to cut the purse strings altogether that have kept the regional powerbrokers sated.

To trigger collapse, the core of the Afghan forces, that today pack quite a punch and are constantly getting battlefield experience, would have to disintegrate.

Why any one of that will automatically occur in a couple of years’ time Afghans aren’t sure.

Collapse is possible, but Afghans don’t see it as imminently likely.

The bigger fear is that Afghanistan will grind to a stalemate again, that the rapid gains of the last decade will slow down again.

In the north at least, Afghanistan today has a better mobile phone network and better city roads than most of Pakistan. Starting from zero means the modest gains in health, education and wealth are felt more profoundly.

The gains are still uneven of course. Kabul doesn’t yet have a sewerage system, which is why queues of heavy vehicles line the capital’s streets at night to drain the septic tanks of foreign missions. Locals, presumably, aren’t so lucky when it comes to hygiene.

But there’s still a big difference between collapse and less rapid, or little, progress in a place like Afghanistan.

Return to Pakistan and the questions grow even bigger.

If Afghanistan has moved on in the last decade, significantly or even just a little bit, why is our army still clinging to a version of the past?

Do the generals here even know that Afghanistan may have moved on or are they just stubborn and unwilling to accept they were wrong?

And therein may lie Afghanistan’s future tragedy: the failure of outside powers, particularly Pakistan’s, to recognise Afghanistan may have changed in the last decade, and a stubborn unwillingness to accept that the past doesn’t necessarily have to repeat itself.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Taliban seen as unlikely to overrun Afghanistan

Taliban fighters train with their weapons in an undisclosed location in Afghanistan – File photo by Reuters

KABUL: The insurgency undeniably exists but is weaker than often portrayed; the Taliban will not sweep through Afghanistan after 2014; and the Bonn-era political framework is not on the verge of collapsing into a bitter civil war --- the line taken by the Afghan government and western military forces is well-known enough.

Less well known, and in contradiction to the dominant narrative on Afghanistan, is that many Afghans --- in government and outside, Pashtun and non-Pashtun, Taliban sympathisers and opponents --- also share much of that view.

Hope and optimism in Afghanistan are always heavily qualified and caveated. Much will depend on the presidential and parliamentary elections in 2014 being reasonably representative. The post-2014 commitment of the international community to Afghanistan’s security and economic well being is seen as crucial.

But in the country’s north at least, there is a sense that while the Taliban insurgency may never be militarily defeated, neither will the present dispensation collapse under Taliban pressure.

Syed Daud Agha, a former parliamentarian from Kabul, typified the dual thinking about the Taliban in his analysis of the insurgency.

“Government control is restricted to the provincial headquarters only. The majority of the districts are with the Taliban, particularly in the east, south and west,” Agha said.

He added: “In the north, the Taliban are everywhere, while Hizb-i-Islami is active in urban areas. The Taliban are operating even in Tajik-dominated areas.”

But Agha argued that the Taliban are in no position to overthrow the Afghan government. “The police and military are capable of defending the provincial centres everywhere,” Agha said.

The official narrative

At the heavily guarded Isaf headquarters in Kabul, Brig Gen Günter Katz, the Isaf spokesperson, drew a picture of improving security across much of Afghanistan.

“The overall security situation is improving. The violence is mostly in places where there are less than a 100 people living. Eighty per cent of the fighting takes place where 20 per cent of the population lives,” Gen Katz said, rattling off a number of statistics that purported to show violence was on the decline in Afghanistan.

Raw numbers and statistics in Afghanistan can be misleading, however. With insurgent attacks --- enemy-initiated attacks in Isaf parlance --- hovering between 2,500 and 3,000 a month across Afghanistan, the number is still higher than the pre-American-surge figures of 2009.

But even that comparison can be misleading because there are now more Afghan forces responsible for the security of more of Afghanistan --- two-thirds of the country and 75 per cent of the population, according to Isaf --- and so more targets for the Taliban to attack.

Ameer Khan, chairman of the finance and budget committee of parliament, explained why, violence notwithstanding, he believed a Taliban takeover is not likely. “The Taliban’s influence is increasing in most areas, but that doesn’t mean they are capable of taking over the regime.

“The situation has changed now. Government forces and police are capable of defending much of the country,” Khan said.

For Khan, though, the key to holding the Taliban at bay is the financial support of the international community. “Afghans can fight themselves, but they do need financial support. The government’s own resources are not enough to maintain a 350,000-strong army and police,” Khan said.

He added: “It would be a blunder if Afghanistan is once again abandoned by the world powers. If the financial commitments made at different forums are materialised, there is no fear of the Afghan government falling.”

Taliban takeover unlikely

If a parliamentarian’s narrative of containing the Taliban with western money and Afghan forces can appear self-serving, Ameer Khan’s view is also shared by Shahid Safi, a Kabul-based businessman.

“The insurgency has grown stronger, but the government forces are giving the Taliban a tough fight. I don’t believe the Taliban will succeed in taking over again,” Safi said.

The businessman continued, “It’s not the Nineties, the situation has changed. Many people have invested their money and have large businesses in the country. They will definitely stand with the government for peace and stability.”

Faheem Gul Wardak, a small-business owner and social activist in Kabul, argued that the focus on the number of Taliban attacks --- mostly involving improvised explosive devices in roadside attacks --- obscured a more complex reality of the insurgency.

“Yes, the Taliban are active in the countryside everywhere, but it’s not very organised and there’s little coordination across villages and districts. That kind of activity is hard to eliminate but neither is it consolidated enough to overrun the country,” Wardak said.

“Let’s say after 2014, the Taliban do try and overrun the country. They’d have to mass somewhere and then they’d be vulnerable from the skies, even if Western ground troops depart. There’s just too much firepower now for the Taliban to win,” Wardak argued.

From one Karzai to another Karzai?

Afghan President Hamid Karzai. — AFP (File Photo)

KABUL: A favourite parlour game in the Afghan capital is predicting what will happen in the presidential election scheduled for April 2014.

Alongside the scale of the West’s commitment to Afghanistan post-2014, the presidential election — and also the parliamentary election slated for later in 2014 — is seen as critical to the next phase of Afghanistan’s political and security future.

While the fluid nature of Afghan politics means little can be certain 15 months ahead of an election, the focus of speculation at present is on President Karzai, who is constitutionally barred from running for a third term.

Will Karzai try and cling to power, directly or indirectly? Is his brother, Qayyum Karzai, being groomed to take over? And if not Karzai or his proxy, who is likely to fit the profile of an acceptable Afghan president?

For Karzai’s opponents, there is even a question mark over whether Karzai will allow elections to take place in the first place. “I see the president in no mood to hold elections,” argued Mirwais Yasini, who finished fifth in the last presidential election and is a vehement critic of the Karzai administration.

But a western diplomat who is deeply involved in Afghan politics appeared unconvinced that the presidential election will be scuttled.

The diplomat, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said, “I mean, Karzai has been saying for the last six months that there will be an election and that he won’t take part. So that’s something that will be hard to back out from.”

Yet, unsurprisingly, few of Karzai’s opponents are willing to take the president’s word at the moment. “(Karzai) is planning on convening a Loya Jirga to amend the constitution in his favour,” claimed Haji Zahir Qadeer, deputy speaker of the lower house of parliament, referring to speculation that Karzai may seek a third term after all.

But Qadeer, who, like virtually every other politician in Afghanistan, claims he plans to contest the presidential election, said that convening a Loya Jirga would be unconstitutional because the third tier of the Loya Jirga, at the district level, has not yet been elected.

Sibling support

Among the many wild and woolly theories on the election doing the rounds of Kabul — an example being the ‘Putin model’, whereby Karzai will elevate a pliable vice president to the presidency and run the administration from a lower position — one name is consistently mentioned as a likely successor to Karzai: his elder brother, Qayyum Karzai.

“There is a lot of buzz in Kabul around the name of Qayyum Karzai,” said Daud Sultanzai, a member of the Afghan parliament.

Sultanzai argued that while it was too early for Karzai to formally name a candidate, the president is keen to have someone from his camp succeed him as president.

Weighing in in the elder Karzai’s favour is his position as President Karzai’s confidant and canvasser for support, according to Ikram Shinwari, a veteran Kabul-based journalist. “Qayyum Karzai is the president’s main lobbyist, meeting people in Afghanistan and abroad on the president’s behalf and active in gathering support from tribal and business leaders,” Shinwari said.

Yet, most analysts and politicians cautioned that it was too early to know if Qayyum Karzai would eventually get the nod to contest the presidential election, or even if he can win. According to Daud Sultanzai, the Afghan parliamentarian, other names in the presidential mix include Zalmay Khalilzad, the influential former US ambassador in Kabul; Ali Ahmad Jalali, a former interior minister; and Omar Daudzai, the Afghan ambassador in Islamabad who has previously served in Tehran.

More uncertainty

The pall of uncertainty and fear that hangs over much of Afghanistan extends to the future electoral scenario too.

Manipulation by the Karzai regime aside, analysts and politicians fear a host of other factors could undermine the presidential election, and stability afterwards: the resurrection of warlords; the April cold that could impact voter turnout in the north and northeast; and the Taliban.

“Much in Afghanistan is hostage to the warlords,” said Danish Karokhel, head of the Pajwak news agency, arguing that regional warlords could hijack the elections locally and undermine political stability.

Ikram Shinwari, the veteran journalist, cited the examples of Rashid Dostum and Ustad Muhaqqiq and argued their support could be the difference between a presidential candidate winning or losing nationally.

“Together they have two million votes in their pockets. Dostum has a million Uzbeks and Muhaqqiq has a million Hazaras and their support will be crucial for the winner.”

For Waheed Mujda, head of the BostBostan news network and a former Taliban and Hizb-i-Islami leader, the Taliban, who interfered minimally in the 2009 presidential election, could be a bigger factor the next time round.

“If the Taliban allow people to vote, there is a chance for a representative election,” Mujda said, adding, “Otherwise a non-Pashtun may win the presidency and that could be the nightmare scenario for Afghanistan by turning the current insurgency into an ethnic civil war.”

Conflicting narratives in eastern Afghanistan

Afghanistan – AFP (File Photo)

JALALABAD: About 130km by road from Peshawar, the largest city in eastern Afghanistan is a scaled-down version of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa capital minus its upscale neighbourhoods.

Pashtun-dominated, chaotic, dusty and a regional hub of trade and commerce, the hustle and bustle of Jalalabad is an important indicator of stability in Afghanistan’s east.

A glance at a map explains why: Nangarhar province, of which Jalalabad city is the capital, is squeezed between Kunar to the north, Paktia and Khost to the south, and Kabul to the west.

As a barometer of stability in eastern Afghanistan, Jalalabad appears to be doing fairly well. A phased transition has seen Afghan forces take over much of the responsibility for security in Nangarhar province from US forces.

The most obvious danger today on the smooth, two-lane main road from Torkham to Jalalabad is Afghan drivers, who drive at high speed and regard overtaking as an old-fashioned duel.

“The security situation has improved a lot,” said Fazal Hadi Muslimyar, chairman of the Afghan Senate and a native of Jalalabad, citing the relative stability Afghan forces have maintained in eastern Afghanistan in areas handed over to their control by foreign troops.

The chairman of the Mishrano Jirga, the Afghan term for senate, was also upbeat about the future, arguing that the Afghan forces are developing the capacity to ensure that eastern Afghanistan will not fall to the Taliban once international forces wind down their combat operations.

But the optimism of government officials was quickly challenged by locals, who travel without the luxury of security escorts and bullet-proof vehicles.

According to Ali Shah, a Nangarhar resident, the apparent security on the Torkham-Jalalabad road is deceptive, “They (the Taliban) live in nearby villages. As the sun sets, they turn up on the road and attack.”

Shah pointed to government vehicles racing towards Jalalabad at dusk and said the occupants were mostly officials working at Torkham or in nearby districts of Nangarhar: “They want to arrive in Jalalabad and pass the trouble spots before darkness arrives.”

Shah argued that support for the Taliban had grown because of a combination of changing Taliban tactics and continuing governmental failures: “The Taliban don’t disturb the local people now. And the government is so corrupt and unresponsive to people’s needs that anti-government feelings have grown.”

Another Nangarhar resident who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he works for an international organisation claimed that most of Nangarhar’s rural districts are under the virtual control of the Taliban.

“The government’s writ is restricted to their offices only,” the resident said.

Pessimism on reconciliation

In the murky world of contacts between the Afghan government and the Taliban, details can be difficult to pin down. But in Jalalabad, several government officials were adamant that the lines of communication are open and often used.

“Contacts have been established at various levels,” said Muslimyar, adding that meetings between government officials and Taliban leaders have taken place both inside Afghanistan and abroad.

Other senior government leaders speaking on the condition of anonymity claimed that several Taliban commanders travel abroad regularly to meet Afghan and American officials.

The recent Haj in Saudi Arabia provided convenient cover for the latest round of meetings. An Afghan leader speaking on the condition of anonymity described a “chance interaction” with senior Taliban leaders in Masjid-i-Nabvi, Medina, that went on for several hours and during which the Taliban insurgency and the government’s peace efforts came under discussion.

The official named two of the Taliban leaders present at the meeting: the former Information and Culture Minister Ameer Khan Muttaqqi and a senior military commander, Mullah Abdul Qayyum Zakir. Once a prisoner in Guantanamo Bay, Zakir is believed to be the current deputy to Mullah Omar, a position previously held by Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar until his arrest in Karachi.

According to Sher Alam Amlawal, a Jalalabad-based analyst, “(Zakir) is one of the top three Taliban military commanders and is currently leading the insurgents’ operations in the southern provinces of Afghanistan.”

Describing the talks in Medina with Muttaqqi and Zakir, among others, the Afghan official suggested that the Taliban seemed inclined to fight on. “What I gathered from their discussion is they are not ready to negotiate peace at the moment,” the official said, adding that Zakir, the military commander, took a tougher line compared to Muttaqqi, an experienced politician.

The Afghan official’s pessimism about reconciliation was reinforced by the Taliban leaders’ claim that they are determined to eliminate several jihadi commanders from the Soviet era who are part of the Afghan government today.

The Taliban leaders at the Medina meeting were particularly incensed with one such official in Kabul – whose name has been withheld at the request of the Afghan official describing the talks– blaming him for giving a speech against the Taliban that, the Taliban alleged, led to the desertion of several dozen suicide bombers from a training camp.

Hope lingers on

Between the real, though uneven, gains of the past decade and the uncertainty over the future, hope fluctuates wildly in this eastern city – as do the reasons for hope.

At Nangarhar University, on the outskirts of Jalalabad, the chancellor, Dr Sabir Momand, outlined his reasons for optimism.

“All Afghans, including the Taliban and the mujahideen, are tired of fighting,” Dr Momand said, arguing that war-weariness was a huge motivation for peace and that once foreign troops departed, the Taliban would not necessarily want to keep fighting.

The chancellor continued: “Taliban need to be accommodated in the power structure. They were ruling Afghanistan when dislodged by the international forces.”

Back in Jalalabad, in a unique street off the city’s main bazaar, a very different theory of hope was mooted. Turbaned Sikhs selling herbal medicines – the last few holdouts of a centuries’ old community that has gradually abandoned the city – argued that they were better off under the present political dispensation.

“The situation has improved a lot for the minorities,” said Iqbal Singh.

“Our children are going to school and we can do business freely.”

According to Singh, the main improvement over the years of warlordism and Taliban rule is that the iron-fisted rule of a single individual over an area had been replaced with a number of people the community can go to for assistance: government officials at various tiers and even parliamentarians.

Future stability, though, for Iqbal Singh depends on the continued presence of international troops in Afghanistan. And that’s why Singh and his fellow Sikhs in Jalalabad are wary of what may come next.

“We hear that (the international forces) are leaving by 2014 and fear that the Taliban will stage a comeback,” Singh said.

The view from Afghanistan

AFGHANS love their tales and folklores and parables. So here’s one from a High Peace Council member in Kabul on his return from Pakistan:

Once upon a time, a disease swept through a village, killing the local cattle. Worried, the villagers asked the mullah to organise prayers to save their cattle.

It’s nothing to worry about, the mullah responded, this will pass.

Soon after, the mullah’s own cattle was struck by the disease and died.

That’s when the mullah gathered the villagers and said, let’s pray.

The link to the Pakistani security establishment’s Afghan policy?

For decades, Pakistan meddled in Afghanistan, complacent in the knowledge that the fallout of instability in Afghanistan would not spill over into Pakistan.

But with Pakistan’s tribal areas and border with Afghanistan now on fire, the Pakistani security establishment may cautiously be rethinking its failed Afghan policy.

Perhaps, though, the most notable aspect of the High Peace Council’s visit to Pakistan and the frenzied media coverage across the border is the collective shrug the news has been received with in Afghanistan.

On a 1,000km journey by road from Islamabad to Mazar-i-Sharif and then back again over the past week, if there’s anything that has stood out about the HPC’s efforts is how few Afghans consider them relevant or significant.

The problem is the Taliban, or the people’s perception of the Taliban.

Why should the Taliban negotiate with a weak peace council blessed by a government the Taliban refuses to accept as legitimate?

So widespread is the scepticism of the HPC’s chances of success that even council members privately express doubts about their relevance.

It’s not like anything else has worked, they argue. The only alternative is war, they say.

But at least in the minds of Afghans, there is an alternative: direct negotiations between the Americans and the Taliban.

Only those who start the war can end it, the argument goes.

And for genuine movement on the reconciliation front, Afghans are looking for two gestures in particular from the American side: the release of Afghan Taliban held in Guantanamo Bay and the removal of Afghan Taliban from the UN terrorism watchlist.

Anything short of that and Afghans seem unlikely to get very excited about reconciliation.

Even then, there is a basic unresolved tension in American strategy: talk-talk and fight-fight means you’re inviting the Taliban to the negotiating table even as you’re killing them on the battlefield.

It may sound clever in theory but nobody in Afghanistan really seems to believe you can talk and shoot at the same time and yet hope something good comes of it.

But back to the HPC’s efforts.

The Afghan side mooted three options for the release of the detainees:

One, hand the detained Afghan Taliban over to the HPC for return to Afghanistan where they would be kept as ‘guests’ of the Afghan government.

Two, extradite the detainees to a third country.

Three, release the detainees on Pakistani soil and allow them to decide if they wanted to go to Afghanistan or a third country.

Apparently, the third option was settled on because it posed the least legal complications for Pakistan as compared to forcible repatriation to Afghanistan or extradition to a third country.

Quite where the released detainees have opted to go no one is willing to say right now.

But the HPC’s two-point agenda on this trip hints at the destination: in addition to focusing on prisoner releases, the HPC wanted Pakistani assurances on facilitating talks in a third country, most likely one of the Gulf states.

The emphasis on a third country tells a tale of its own.

The belief is that somehow bad things happen on Afghan soil to Afghan Taliban who express an interest in talking to the Afghan government.

They either end up dead or injured or their families are threatened.

Quite why that is so is one of the many confounding mysteries of Afghanistan.

Some think it’s the Pakistanis trying to prevent being kept out of the reconciliation loop.

Others think it’s the Americans, because delayed reconciliation will strengthen the argument for a long-term residual military presence in Afghanistan.

And yet others think it’s the Afghan Taliban themselves, because the warriors out in the field don’t want reconciliation — they want what they believe is their right: to rule Afghanistan.

How does any of that gel with the consensus that the HPCs efforts aren’t likely to go anywhere in any case because it’s the Americans who hold the key to reconciliation, not the Afghan government?

Go figure. Few theories in Afghanistan are consistent or internally coherent.

Perhaps the greatest immediate relevance of the detainee release is what it says about the state of Pak-US relations.

The Americans pressed hard for this gesture by Pakistan and had in private been assured by the army that it would happen at the time of the HPCs visit to Pakistan.

That it did in fact happen suggests some movement, however small, on resolving the long-standing impasse between Pakistan and the US.

The Pakistan Army has long argued that it needs to know the US plan for Afghanistan before it can settle on its own strategy.

Implicit is the fear that the Americans either have a long-term plan harmful to Pakistani interests or the lack of a plan could force last-minute decisions that could be inimical to Pakistan’s interest as articulated by the army.

So has there been some movement in convincing the army that the Americans don’t have malign intentions, deliberate or inadvertent?

Possibly. There certainly has been a concerted diplomatic push, including by countries other than the US, to convince the army of that.

Then again, it could just be that a clock winding down has a logic of its own.

Plans, real or imagined, matter little when events threaten to overtake them.

2014 is around the corner: better to be somewhat flexible and in the loop than utterly intransigent and shut out altogether.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Outrage central

THERE’S been a lot of outrage in Pakistan the past week.

The self-appointed custodians of the national interest have been outraged at the temerity of the self-appointed custodians of the constitution and the petulance of the self-appointed custodians of the public interest.

The self-appointed custodians of the constitution have been shocked that anyone could upbraid them for upholding the constitution without fear or favour.

And the self-appointed custodians of the public interest — those paragons of virtue who hector and lecture and preach from their televised bully pulpits each evening — cannot believe anyone could question their motives or intentions.

There is a word to describe it all, but it’s probably best not printed in a family newspaper.

What does it all mean?

It’s a strange world in which everyone is clamouring to be the target of an army chief’s wrath.

In eras past, a sidelong glance or a misspoken sentence by the chief would have had folks preparing their resignation letters or reaching for their passports.

Not anymore.

He meant me! No, he meant us! No, no, we were the targets!

The ostensible targets are squabbling over who was the main target.

Rule No 1: when folks argue over who was the primary target, look elsewhere for the primary target.

The army high command has two principal constituencies: the rank and file and the public at large.

In the best of worlds, both can be kept happy simultaneously. In the not-so-elegant Pakistani universe, keeping both happy simultaneously isn’t always possible.

The armed forces are restless. They are being barracked and shellacked like never before. If the army were running the show directly, they would understand to some extent. If the army were overtly interfering in politics, they’d take it on the chin.

But it’s a new world out there. The old order is crumbling, the locus of power is shifting and the army is feeling harassed and aggrieved. They’re just trying to do their job — defend Pakistan — but no one seems to understand.

Steps up the chief to reassure his skittish tribe. I’m here, I’m on your side, I’ll stand up for all that is great and good, i.e. us.

If that means a swipe or two against other institutions and pillars, so be it. To the skittish armed forces, swipes against others are the kind of red meat they crave.

Talk tough and you look tough, and looking tough is hardwired into the military psyche.

But that’s also why everyone else has almost gleefully leapt on the chief’s words and claimed they were meant for them.

For words are not actions and without actions, everyone else senses impotence.

Show us what you’ve got, the media has taunted and the court has almost roared, guessing that blanks were fired to please the army’s principal constituency.

More curious has been the PPP’s response, of which two distinct strands were discernible the past week.

One camp argued the party had been kept in the loop by the chief, a signal that this wasn’t about the PPP and the government but about the robes and the preachers on TV.

There was almost smug elation in this camp, like schoolyard victims who’ve discovered the big, bad bullies have turned on each other and left the victims to walk off with the prom queen, in this case a clearer path to re-election.

When your enemies fight among themselves, they’re less likely to see you as the enemy.

The other camp was eyeing Balochistan warily, sensing a dry run there for bigger things on the national stage.

The sparring between the army and the court is a sideshow, according to this PPP camp. Instead, the Balochistan template is seen emerging:

Army keeps security situation messy by eschewing the political for a military approach; court pounces on mess to declare government has lost its writ; next step: wrap up government and install an efficient and establishment-friendly government.

Take the testing of the judicial waters in Balochistan and magnify it to the national level and you end up with that rumour that just won’t die: an extended caretaker set-up, with elections postponed.

Convoluted? You bet.

But it hints at the undercurrents everyone knows exist, though few know which direction they’re pulling in.

Elections have a way of unsettling everyone here. Last year, around this time, the Senate elections were on the horizon and the speculation and rumours began to grow.

Somehow, somewhere, something would happen to prevent the Senate elections from being held on schedule.

If the Senate was a prize worth winning — or, conversely, denying — and hence the speculation and uncertainty in the run-up to the Senate elections, a general election is of an order of magnitude greater.

Surely, the great unseen and the unknown would not countenance a hammer blow. PPP wins, PML-N wins, whoever wins wearing a civilian cloak, the establishment loses.

The Mehrangate judgment has laid bare just how terrified the swaggering men in uniform were of a girl with a voice and with the people behind her.

Two decades on, a full civilian term leading to an election with another full term a possibility — the beast may have grown weak but its instincts will be the same: civilians win; establishment loses.

Since the past informs the present, at least in terms of perception, the uncertainty will grow as a general election inches closer. And so will the howling and the bickering and the confusion.

But there is a problem: the closer the election draws, the less time there is to engineer a derailment.

Even in the land of perma-crisis, some crises need time to gestate if the inevitable is to be delayed.

And time is running out.

Still, the rumour mill is quietly throwing out a date: watch out for January.

But it may already be too late.

An on-time election looks about as likely as anything can be in this land of unlikely events.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Shadow over the democratic project

THE little euphemism with the outsized effects — the civil-military imbalance — is back in the news.

The past isn’t the present — everyone knows a general election is more likely than a coup, soft, hard, moderate, whatever, today — but could the past become the future again?

Much, but not all, will depend on the likely civilian custodians of the democratic project: Asif Zardari, Nawaz Sharif and Imran Khan.

Of those three — the only plausible leaders of the next civilian government — Khan is the definite outlier.

Both because leading the next government is a remote possibility for Khan and because Khan is untested in power.

The learning curve for civilians when it comes to dealing with the army can’t be simulated; it has to be lived through.

The difference between what Khan wants to do — if at all he wants to roll back the army’s internal predominance, that is — and what he will be able to do, no one can know until he’s in charge.

And he won’t be in charge until he wins an election. Which he doesn’t look anywhere near winning the next time round.

So it’s down to the usual suspects: AZ and NS.

Zardari’s approach is a bit like the Lilliputians trying to tie down Gulliver: ensnare and entrap; use events to beguile and confuse; and work out a tenuous balance of power.

But his biggest card is Sharif himself.

Zardari uses Sharif to both scare and cajole the army: scare because the army is wary of Sharif returning to power; cajole by claiming he needs something done politically because of pressure from the Sharif-led opposition.

Sharif is the dragon slayer: a born-again democrat who believes in frontal assault and no-holds-barred conflict.

Which is better?

Here’s the problem: neither man has a particularly good strategy.

In Zardari, there is a leader who uses events and circumstances to create a balance of power of sorts with the army.

But it is tenuous because it is based less on an acceptance of Zardari as a legitimate and worthy political leader and more on the lack of alternatives: Khan can’t win; Sharif won’t play ball.

In Sharif, there is a leader who understands the problem but is a lone voice against it.

The elder Sharif is surrounded by party men who don’t just not share his vision but actively press him to abandon it.

Comfortable with the army, the senior cadre of the PML-N would like Sharif to separate the sins of Musharraf from the army’s institutional role.

Under Zardari, the civilians are strengthened more by circumstance than design — which means the gains are hollow rather than necessarily substantive.

Under Sharif, the strengthening of the civilians would be resisted from within his own party.

Curiously, the brittleness of the democratic project has perhaps best been shielded by Gen K himself in the post-Musharraf era.

A general with vaulting ambitions he may be, but his way of going about things has helped keep democracy afloat.

The extension was the real turning point, forcing many within the army to realise that rather than leading a charge against the civilians and seizing the moment, the army under Gen K would be soft on civilian stewardship of the state.

But for every Gen K in the army, there’s a dozen Gen Pashas. One era of soft military leadership does not make for a legacy that will necessarily be perpetuated.

The good news is that where the civilians have failed, others have picked up the slack.

The judiciary, the media, the public, the international environment, all have combined to make overt military interference that much more complicated.

The bad news is that until and unless the civilians up their game, the ebbing threat can still roar back.

Must we — you and me, the ordinary people — be condemned to live with a civil-military imbalance that see-saws a bit but never truly tilts towards the civilians?

Unhappily, yes.

Democratic continuity is part of the jigsaw of eventual civilian predominance but not for the reason often assumed: more elections will not necessarily affect the army’s institutional interests and priorities.

As for the civilians, growing old doesn’t necessarily mean growing up.

Zardari and Sharif may be too old to lead in a decade or two but what needs to be washed out of the system is the political class that has come of age since 1985. And that class will far outlive Zardari and Sharif.

The class of 1985 onwards understands the problem: the army doesn’t have solutions. That itself is a step up from the cohort that came before it.

But the class of 1985 onwards still doesn’t know how to smother the problem.

Which brings us back to, Zardari or Sharif?

The odds are long on either succeeding in establishing civilian predominance but one or the other will once again be the most direct custodian of the democratic project come next year.

Zardari looks the part of the more capable candidate because he’s shown he knows how to survive.

But his survival is more of the window-dressing kind.

Because he doesn’t know how to wrest power away or, arguably, isn’t interested in wresting power away as long as he can play Sharif against the army and vice versa, survival will only translate into strengthening of the democratic project for other, extraneous reasons.

Sharif is the candidate to enter the shop and rearrange the furniture, to seize the throne for the civilians once and for all, but he will be dragged back by his own party.

Either way, the little euphemism with the outsized effects — the civil-military imbalance — will stay in our lexicon for a long time yet.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The consensus myth

EVERY so often, a new term enters the Pakitani lexicon. This is the season of ‘consensus’.

There can’t be a military operation in North Waziristan until and unless there’s a consensus. A political consensus. A societal consensus.

A Pakistani consensus that North Waziristan is a Pakistani problem that requires a Pakistan-endorsed solution.

The demand for a consensus is so innocuous, so innocent, so legitimate-sounding that it’s virtually irresistible.

It’s also a ruse.

For so fundamental is this political and societal consensus for a military operation in North Waziristan that … the army has done what exactly to help build it?

Y’know, stuff like putting senior officers before the cameras and microphones and explaining what the threat in NWA is and why it must be taken on.

‘North Waziristan is the de facto capital of the Islamic State of Fata and the militants project power from there. It is an intolerable and unacceptable state of affairs.’

Stuff like the otherwise-regular background briefings for movers and shakers in the media.

‘North Waziristan is the global hub of terrorism. There are Arabs and Chechens and Uzbeks and also folks from Sudan and Maldives — yes, the Maldives — and they have no business being there.’

Stuff like ISPR declarations that are oh so common on matters of lesser national import.

‘North Waziristan is from where they attacked Kamra, from where they behead our soldiers, from where the Bannu jailbreak was planned.’

Or just stuff the army says in private.

‘North Waziristan: we have the resources, we have the troops. We need to do it now; we can’t afford to wait.’

Heard any of that? Of course not.

Because this is what the army has been saying:

We need a consensus, Pakistan. Give us a consensus, Pakistan. But shucks, don’t expect us to do anything about building that consensus.

If only it ended there.

While the army is demanding a consensus, many in the security establishment’s orbit have been running around undermining the possibility of a consensus.

The Difaa-i-Pakistan Council has been running around decrying American agendas and embracing militants. But no one in the army has snapped his fingers and called them to heel.

Imran Khan is talking silly about drones and sorting out militancy with hugs and handshakes.

But no one from the security establishment has challenged his narrative.

So, neither will the army help out with the heavy lifting of building a consensus nor will it slap down those in its orbit working against such a consensus ever emerging.

But the army wants a consensus.

What are we to make of it?

The well-worn theories are well known. They want to protect the Afghan-centric assets. They are shaping the battlefield environment first. They want the American anvil in place before the Pakistani hammer comes down, lest the militant leadership escape across the border.

Leadership, though, no one wants to talk about. Leadership to know what’s necessary and then have the will to do it. Leadership to take on a threat and deal with the consequences, fearsome or not.

But the longer the facile consensus debate carries on, the more difficult it is becoming to avoid talking about the elephant in the room: Gen K and his will to get the job done.

It usually starts with the silly theories and the implausible conspiracies, of the kind being whispered already.

That NWA will happen but after the election, when the question of another extension will be on the table. That way the Indispensable will be indispensable again, a change in command undesirable in the midst of the mother of all battles.

If that sounds silly, it is. If another term is wanted, another term will be had — it’s in the nature of things here and battlefields, big or small, aren’t needed to win the argument.

But it’s telling that the conspiracy theory exists at all. Because it says a lot about the perception that has built up around the chief, a man who prefers the indirect to the direct, the convoluted to the straightforward.

Of the many myths that surround the army here, one is bigger than most: the army works by consensus, the high command decides what can or cannot be done and the army chief is perhaps only a first among equals.

But is it so?

What if a chief said, this is the policy from today, these are my orders, now carry them out or else.

A few may object; it will take a while to filter through the system, for the bottom to figure out the top means business — but altogether impossible?

Only if the chief is OK with it being impossible. Only if the chief is OK with vacillation. Only if the chief is OK with spreading the burden of leadership.

Forgotten now is the original reason the chief is the chief today.

When Musharraf picked his successor he thought he’d be around another five years presiding over the civilian side of things.

If you don’t plan to exit, what kind of person would you pick to occupy the most powerful seat in Pakistan?

A forceful personality, a man of searing conviction and with chutzpah, a straight shooter, someone who won’t let anything or anyone stand in his way?

Probably not.

When civilians have picked a chief to suit their purposes, they’ve made some compelling mistakes: Zia by Bhutto; Musharraf by Sharif.

But when a chief picks, he does so knowing the man better than a civilian ever could. (Ayub to Yahya was a peculiar set of circumstances.)

And so perhaps that’s why we have this silliness over a consensus. This vacillation and vacuousness. This uncertainty and drift.

Perhaps Musharraf did choose well. Except he chose for a very different purpose than what the country needs today.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Denial, confusion and obfuscation

EVERYONE it seems has questions this week.

Some are of the stupid variety. What kind of human being would shoot a 14-year-old? Answer: a monstrous one. And there are a lot of monsters here.

How can anyone call themselves a Muslim and do this? Answer: Because they believe they are the true Muslims, not the weak-kneed moral relativists who pretend to be Muslims. A true Muslim does what needs to be done for the glory of Islam.

What kind of society teaches people to kill little girls trying to get an education? Answer: a sick and troubled society. A society that is in denial of the sickness in its midst.

Other questions are asked with a sly innocence. These are the more malign ones.

Why can’t we condemn all violence, by drones and by guns? Haven’t we had enough of killing? Can’t we now find a more humane way of ending the violence? Why don’t we try and understand this mindset instead of trying to destroy it?

These are malign questions because they are asked with a specific purpose.

The purpose is not to end jihad and violence, but to enable it, to perpetuate it, to make Pakistan the custodian of Islam, to create the perfect Islamist state in an imperfect world.

The trick the men with the malign questions have perfected is to sound reasonable.

See, we’re here on TV, talking things out, making our case, condemning all violence, trying to do our bit to make Pakistan peaceful and calm.

We all live here, we’re all the same. Let’s learn to understand why this is happening to us. It’s the Americans. It’s the Jews. It’s the Indians. Get rid of their influence and the wayward souls here will return to the fold.

They’re right about one thing: we all do live here. But we’re not the same, we don’t want the same things, and the men with the innocently asked but malign questions are not on the side of those asking in fear why this is happening to us.

Denial, confusion and obfuscation have meant that the difference isn’t as obvious as it should be.

Surely, both sides are well-meaning, people will ask. Surely, we can figure out a way to all live alongside in peace and happiness, people will say.

Yes, we could. But not if the rules are set by the other side.

Denial, confusion and obfuscation have meant that Pakistanis are not clear there is a continuum from the religious right to violent Islamism. It is not a difference of kind, only of degree.

The religious right creates an enabling environment for violent Islamism to recruit and prosper. And violent Islamism makes state and society cower and in doing so enhances the space for the religious right. One feeds off the other and together they grow in strength.

Denial, confusion and obfuscation have meant that the continuum from Jamaat-i-Islami to Al Qaeda, from Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam to the Taliban is barely recognised, let alone understood.

If there is outrage at that statement, at conflating the two, that is a testament to the success and deep-rootedness of the denial, confusion and obfuscation.

The mullah of today is the same as the mullah of yesterday. What’s changed is that the mullah of today has his goal in sight and the means to achieve it. The means is the continuum from the religious right to violent Islamism — one feeding off the other and together edging closer to their goal.

For years now, the problem of Pakistan has been seen as a problem of the state. But perhaps what it really is is a problem of society. A decrepit and broken society whose decrepitude and brokenness the denial, confusion and obfuscation have masked.

There is surely a problem of the state too. A certain poverty of imagination and moral bankruptcy have fashioned a state that can no longer do what is right and necessary.

It’s not always about complicity and sympathy. Often it’s just about fear. In Balochistan, I have wondered why the state doesn’t just take out the Lashkar-i-Jhangvi killers. After all, there can’t be more than a few dozen of them.

I asked and asked until someone finally offered, “They’ll never forget. You take them on and eventually they’ll get you. Maybe while you’re serving, maybe when you’re retired, but they will get you and probably your family too.”

The same question I’ve asked in KP and Fata. Why can’t they wipe this out? This isn’t a foreign army operating; these aren’t alien areas; yes, it was always going to be a slow grind, but why are the results so obviously patchy? Ask and ask and eventually — after theories and philosophies of missing holistic strategies and drivers internal and external — an answer comes. “Because they don’t know. They don’t know if that’s what’s really wanted. And because they don’t know, they’d rather live to see another day, to go back to their families.”

The state is a broken project. The foot soldiers are fearful because the high command is locked in denial and the certainty of old ways.

But perhaps it is society that is broken too. A society that laments its misfortune but can’t see the cause. A society that sees evil in its midst but never its facilitators. A society so manipulated by denial, confusion and obfuscation that the grotesque can masquerade as salvation.

Mercifully, the violent Islamists aren’t very bright. The shoot a little girl, they flog a teenager, they do terrible things that make Pakistanis recoil in horror.

But perhaps they can afford to not be very bright. Because they have the men with the innocently asked but malign questions.

They have the mullah to deny, confuse and obfuscate and lull society into believing the problem is without when it really is within.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Electoral pie likely to be carved into many slices

A woman casts her vote at a polling station, June 26, 2011. — Photo by AFP/File

PESHAWAR: The bewildering electoral map of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is the subject of more than usual interest ahead of the next general election.

The rise of the PTI; the importance of the province’s 35 directly elected seats in the National Assembly in an era of coalition politics; the thrust and pull of Pashtun nationalism and religious conservatism; the role of the establishment; and the importance of a 124-member provincial assembly on the frontline of the fight against the Taliban — the political configuration in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is shaped by a dizzying array of factors.

“Treating KP as a uniform province and predicting the outcome of elections based on that is foolish,” according to Hasan Khan, the former director of Khyber News TV. “There are trends but it’s less about electoral decisions at the centre than about regional factors.”

The bare numbers hint at a province politically divided: of the 35 directly elected National Assembly seats in 2008, the ANP won 10, the PPP 9, the two PMLs 11, and the MMA sans the Jamaat-i-Islami won 4.

Now, the ANP and the PPP are attempting to defend their turf against an onslaught of factors and forces: the woes of incumbency, the myriad tales of corruption, divided leaderships and the rise of political challengers who were absent or weak in 2008.

Complicating their efforts to maintain the status quo are the highly localised drivers of politics in the province’s four major regions: the seven southern districts from Kohat to DI Khan; the Peshawar valley; Malakand/Swat; and the Hazara region.

“The five districts of the Peshawar valley — Swabi, Mardan, Charsadda, Nowshera and Peshawar — are the most politicised and perhaps less fluid,” Hasan Khan explained. “Everywhere else it will be about local alliances on particular seats between the various parties.”

ANP tarnished

The pervasive tales of corruption at the highest levels of the ANP have so tarnished its reputation that supporters fear the party will haemorrhage votes. While money has become an integral part of politics across Pakistan, the towering legacy of Bacha Khan has made it especially hard for some supporters to accept that money has soiled his descendants and the party.

“The ANP has institutionalised corruption. Every job, every posting, every contract, there is a price that has to be paid and everyone knows whose pockets the money is going in,” said Azam Hayat, the former vice chancellor of Peshawar University and an ANP supporter. “People are sick of it.”

Afrasiab Khattak, an ANP senator and one of Asfandyar Wali’s most trusted lieutenants, painted a different picture, “People have said before that the ANP is dead and it always bounces back. The party has worked hard and brought many benefits — schools, roads, colleges — to many areas.”

Khattak added that the party has tried to break new electoral ground: “The traditional base of the ANP has been the Peshawar valley and some adjoining areas to the north. We had virtually no presence in the southern districts. Now we have brought candidates on board there and even in the Hazara region.”

The ANP’s strategy appears to be to make up expected losses in traditional strongholds by picking up seats in other parts of the province through a combination of patronage, development funds and inducting strong candidates.

In addition, party leaders hint that the focus at the next election will be more on provincial assembly seats than national seats.

While the party’s manoeuvring will not paper over all the cracks, the party may yet survive as a major provincial player come election time. “People will still vote for the ANP,” the disgruntled Azam Hayat said. “I’ll vote for them too. The turnout for ANP will be low but it won’t disappear. We have no choice.”

PTI in disarray

Until recent months, the Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf was considered a strong contender in the province as incumbency hurt the established parties and the PTI’s anti-incumbency, anti-war on terror platform resonated with the Pashtun voter.

But two factors have cast a dark cloud over the party’s electoral prospects: infighting in the absence of a centrally endorsed provincial leadership and the PTI’s reluctance to enter an electoral alliance with other parties.

“The PTI doesn’t need an opposition. They’re doing a good enough job of self-destructing,” said Shamim Shahid, a Peshawar-based journalist. “Four candidates are vying for the provincial presidency and it’s tearing the party apart. The PTI won’t get more than a handful of seats. An electoral alliance could be a game-changer but then that would also depend on the alliance on the other side.”

Masood Sharif Khattak, one of the contenders for the PTI’s provincial presidency, was candid: “The party is essentially rudderless. After the previous local-level machinery was dissolved, everyone is on their own. There is great support among the people but there is no leadership.”

Khattak suggested that the PTI may hold internal party elections “by the middle of next month” and thereafter some discipline could be restored.

The PTI’s rivals, though, believe culture and politics will prevent wounds from being healed quickly. An ANP leader said, “Our party elections (in 2011) created some problems that we still have to tend to. People don’t forget here and the losers will hold a grudge.”

Within the PTI, the problem is compounded by the rivalry between the old guard and the so-called electables.

A divided PPP

Disarray in the provincial leadership of the PPP has left the party uncertain and fearful of its electoral prospects. On Oct 2, Anwar Saifullah of the influential Saifullah family from Lakki Marwat was appointed the fourth provincial president in the past four years.

Saifullah will have to quickly lash together a party torn by infighting and also answer questions about his suitability for the job given the perception that his appointment owes more to his closeness to President Zardari than his own political standing.

Azam Afridi, a PPP leader in Peshawar, admitted the provincial party leadership is divided but claimed talk of the PPP’s demise is overblown: “All that has been said about (internal divisions) is true. But as long as we have the spirit of BB and Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, the PPP will always get votes. People in the party are angry, but we will win them back.”

The key to holding on to at least some seats for the PPP may lie elsewhere, though. As Nur Alam Khan, one of the two PPP MNAs from Peshawar, explained, “It’s less about the party than about families here. I will always support Arbab Alamgir (the other PPP MNA from Peshawar) and he will always support me.”

Small parties, big factors

While all eyes are on the high-profile parties, the elections in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa may ultimately be shaped by other parties. “When compared to 2008, the factors that will be in play at the next election are the PML-N, JI and the PTI,” according to Hasan Khan.

“The PTI won’t win much but it could be the difference between winning and losing for other candidates. Amir Muqam joining the PML-N has given it new strength not just in Shangla but adjoining areas too. And don’t forget the JI boycotted in 2008 and is a force in some constituencies,” Khan explained.

The JUI-F, a force in the southern districts, is also seen as an important contender. It has a presence in the Peshawar valley and is also making inroads in constituencies further north.

“Don’t forget Maulana (Fazlur Rehman) sahib,” Khan said, “He knows how to play his cards well and is flexible enough to cut deals with anyone.”

Which is perhaps why everyone is tempering their hopes in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. An ANP leader said of the post-election scenario, “It will be much like it is now. Lots of parties winning a few seats. We hope to come out ahead.”

The Fata-ification of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

PESHAWAR: Wracked by violence in the late 2000s, it appears as if a state of relative stability has been restored to the provincial capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. But scratch the surface and the sense of normality quickly disappears in Peshawar and surrounding areas.

The outskirts of the city and surrounding areas are still in the grip of violence and militant activity. While the intensity is lower than in years past, denizens of the capital remain uneasy and suggest militant activity is once again bubbling up around them.

In the city itself, the infrastructure of jihad, pushed underground several years ago, is again making itself felt. From charity drives to surreptitious recruitment of fighters for Afghanistan to extolling the virtues of jihad, locals report that militant outfits, particularly of the pro-Pakistan variety, are quietly surfacing in the city again.

“The outskirts of Peshawar were never really cleared,” said Shams Mohmand, a local journalist. “Particularly at night, the Taliban are active. Michini, Mattani, Badaber, there are real problems.”

Mohmand added: “Peshawar is really encircled by militants. Mohmand, Khyber, Darra Adamkhel, people often don’t realise that Peshawar is pressed up against the tribal areas and the trouble spots there.”

A senior security official in the province admitted that problems remain. “To the north and west of the city, on the city’s edges there are still problems. You can’t really say things are normal.”

According to Saad Mohammad, a retired brigadier and director of the Forum for Area Studies in Peshawar, “There’s been a slight improvement from the worst days. But it’s only slight. From kidnappings to chanda collections to threats against barbers and CD shops to killing of lashkar leaders, there is all kinds of activity. And it’s not just Peshawar, it’s the entire Peshawar valley, the surrounding districts too.”

The jihad complex Following the military operations in 2009 in Swat and South Waziristan, the open presence of pro-jihad groups and militant outfits in Peshawar, especially those focused on Afghanistan and Kashmir, was frowned upon and the groups melted away. But in recent months, activity has picked up again.

“JuD banners are on University Road and near Customs House, asking for chanda and for animal skins and have phone numbers listed,” said a Peshawar-based social worker referring to the Jamaatud Dawa, considered the face of the Lashkar-i-Taiba.

“Jaish-i-Mohammad, LeT, JuD, these are active in the city again. Sometimes someone appears outside a mosque with a collection box asking for funds for jihad. Sometimes after Friday prayers, someone will stand up in a mosque and call for recruits for Afghanistan. They have books with pictures from Guantanamo Bay and Abu Gharaib. Then they disappear quickly,” the social worker added.

In the murky world of jihad and front groups operating in Pakistani cities, few details are known about the size and scale of the activities. But in Peshawar anecdotes do abound.

A local told of an episode involving a young man who was distributing the Jamaatud Dawa’s weekly newspaper Jarrar in the cantonment area of Peshawar. “Around Ramazan time he stopped coming. Then several weeks later a new boy turned up with copies of Jarrar,” the local said. “We asked him what happened to the other boy and he said that he had gone to Kunar to fight with a group of men and they had been attacked and injured.”

“There was another boy who used to clean cars (also in the cantonment area) and he also announced one day he was going to Afghanistan to fight. And then several weeks later, word came that he had been killed and in absentia funeral prayers were held for him.”

While a similar public presence of the TTP or other groups presently fighting the Pakistani state has not been reported in Peshawar recently, analysts suggest that the nexus between militants of various stripes means more oxygen for one group could help the others too.

According to Shamim Shahid, a veteran journalist, “The quiet can be broken any time. The networks still exist to which the militants have ties and they can resurface again. The madressahs and mosques and other centres of Jamaat-i-Islami, JUI-F and Ahl-i-Hadith are all intact and growing here.”

Containment strategy

As the last major city before the frontline of the war in Fata and Afghanistan, Peshawar’s fate is intrinsically linked to the broader strategy in the fight against militancy. And even from this city, all eyes are on North Waziristan.

“North Waziristan is the capital of the state of Fata. They project power from there. And what’s happening now is a de facto Fata-ification of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,” according to a senior provincial politician.

Senior security officials now claim that the resources necessary for a military operation in North Waziristan are fully in place and all that is required is a decision to launch an operation. But ambivalence over when that decision will be taken continues.

A recently retired senior security official who was an integral part of the pushback against militants in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Fata claimed that the problem is the strategy itself is flawed. “There is a strategy of containment, not of elimination,” the senior official said.

A senior official maintained that a North Waziristan military operation is contingent on creating the “right environment” – essentially, winning over certain militant groups to clear the way for the fight against others – and a “national consensus”.

But when asked how long a decision could acceptably be deferred from a military perspective, the same official was frank. “It has to be done now. They’ve beheaded our soldiers, they’ve attacked Kamra, they attack in Punjab and elsewhere. The time to do it is now.”

Saad Mohammad, the retired brigadier, had an explanation for why the operation isn’t taking place ‘now’: “I don’t think the army or the paramilitaries have the will to take them (the militants) on.”

An unscripted event reveals divisions within ANP

Asfandyar Wali Khan, head of the Awami National Party, talks to media representatives. — Photo by AP/File

PESHAWAR: The Friday after Ghulam Ahmad Bilour made the extraordinary offer of a $100,000 bounty for the murder of the producer of the Innocence of Muslims, the federal railways minister was invited to the historic Mohabbat Khan mosque in the heart of the provincial capital.

There, after the Friday prayers concluded, Bilour once again pledged to reward the killers of the film producer, and even of future blasphemers. For his efforts Bilour was showered with rose petals and garlanded by the cheering congregation. The second time round, however, Bilour did not extend his offer to the Taliban or Al Qaeda — whom he had earlier referred to as to as ‘brothers’. While Bilour’s statement, particularly his call to the Taliban and Al Qaeda, has dismayed many within the ANP, the party has yet to initiate formal proceedings against its errant senior leader, triggering speculation that electoral considerations and divisions within the party are behind the party’s silence.

To analysts who have known Ghulam Bilour for many years, however, the explanation is more prosaic. According to Rahimullah Yousufzai, the doyen of journalists in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Bilour was being his usual mercurial self when the septuagenarian made the bounty offer.

“He is an old man, suffering from many diseases and unlikely to contest elections again. The family will hold on to the national assembly ticket (NA-1) but the party would have liked him to stand down from politics a long time ago. Haji sahib is a religious man and his emotions often get the better of him,” Yousufzai said.

Yousufzai added that the ANP is likely to take some action against Bilour eventually. “When Asfandyar (Wali) returns (to Pakistan), something is likely to be done. Whatever support Bilour has in the party, if Asfandyar takes a stand, the party will fall in line behind him, particularly with elections so close and party tickets at stake,” Yousufzai said.

That sentiment was echoed by a senior ANP leader. “If we had done something immediately, then people would have said we were punishing someone who had spoken against blasphemy and his (Bilour’s) popularity would have risen. Why should we give him that advantage?” the senior ANP leader said.

Electoral politics

Others, however, have interpreted Bilour’s statement as a shrewd political move in a tough electoral climate. According to Khadim Hussain, director of the Bacha Khan Trust Educational Foundation, Bilour had acted to shore up support for his family in Peshawar, a stronghold of the Bilour family, one of the most prominent families in the ANP clan.

“There were three reasons for saying what he said. Number one, the PPP had earned an advantage by declaring Friday (Sept 21) a holiday. Zahir Shah (a PPP leader) was out leading the protests with the religious groups in the city. The PPP is the main challenger on that seat,” Hussain said.

“Number two, after the violence and destruction on Friday, people were talking about the police being unavailable to protect the public’s property because they were allegedly busy protecting the Bilour family that day. Number three, the ANP has a growing conservative faction and the statement was meant to appease them,” Hussain concluded.

The electoral map and history of NA-1 do suggest that even if not a conscious political move by Bilour, his bounty offer may reap political dividends.

In 2008, Bilour defeated the PPP candidate Ayub Shah by less than seven thousand votes with a turnout of under 25 per cent. In 2002, a Jamaat-i-Islami candidate won the seat from the MMA platform.

Despite being together in government at the centre and in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, the ANP and PPP are bitter electoral rivals in Peshawar. In NA-1, the rivalry is intensified by a blood feud involving the death of Ghulam Bilour’s only son in a 1997 gunfight and the murder of an influential PPP rival in 2007 in what is alleged to be a reprisal killing.

“What’s happening is, the ANP is worried it may lose votes to Jamaat-i-Islami, while the PPP is worried that it will lose votes to the PTI,” according to senior ANP figure in Peshawar.

Complicating the equation is the attempt by the provincial PTI leadership to have Imran Khan contest from NA-1, a candidacy that would turbocharge the contest in the constituency.

Conservatism in ANP

Whatever the electoral map in Peshawar, the inaction against Bilour tells its own tale about internal ANP dynamics. While calling for the death of an alleged blasphemer is probably unpunishable in present-day politics regardless of how officially secular or liberal a party is, Bilour’s appeal to the Taliban and Al Qaeda was an astonishing indiscretion for a leader of a party that has lost hundreds of workers and leaders to militant violence.

In years past, the Bilour family’s special position within the ANP as the main party financiers ensured an untouchable status for them. But as other party leaders have grown wealthy and Asfandyar Wali himself is believed to have amassed a sizeable fortune, the Bilour chequebook has lost some of its value.

To some within the ANP, Bilour’s statement and the party’s supine response reflects a deeper malaise. “When I first heard about Bilour’s statement, I was shocked. But when I saw that many in the core committee actually sided with Bilour and agreed with what he had said, I was depressed. There weren’t even five of us who wanted to do something about it,” a veteran ANP party member from Peshawar said.

According to Rahimullah Yousufzai, the ANP is caught between the ideals of its leadership and the beliefs of its rank and file. “At the grassroots, the party isn’t secular. It is very religious and very conservative. In this culture, people join parties not necessarily because of what it stands for but because they have enemies in the other parties. Yes, there is loyalty to the party but they also have beards and pray five times a day.”Bushra Gohar, an outspoken ANP MNA, traces a historical reason for the rise of conservatism within the party.

“It started with Zia and the depoliticisation of society through the education curriculum. Society is changing and internal problems within the party, with the leadership, with party workers, are inevitable,” Gohar said.

Still, ANP leaders privately maintain that Ghulam Bilour’s latest indiscretion is likely to result in some kind of punitive action. If not for reasons of ideology, then for reasons of politics.

As Yousufzai explained, “They can’t do nothing. Else indiscipline in the party will grow, others will stray from the party line, and the party can’t afford that on the eve of an election.”

Silent alarm over mysterious deaths

PESHAWAR: The bodies began turning up again a few months ago. Dumped on the outskirts of the city, some are simply thrown on roadsides, while others are stuffed in sacks and left for passersby to find.

The details are sketchy. No one is quite sure how many bodies have been recovered; few victims are identified before burial; and the cause of death is unknown because post-mortems are not performed.

In August, Peshawar High Court Chief Justice Dost Muhammad Khan took suo motu notice of the spate of mysterious deaths and on Sept 27 directed the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police and government to investigate the discovery of 26 bodies.

The police and provincial civilian authorities dutifully appear before the court when summoned, pledge their full cooperation, and then nothing comes of it.

Human rights activists suggest that anywhere between 50 and 100 bodies have been recovered so far. In the unexplained absence of autopsies, the cause of death can only be guessed at: cardiac arrest, kidney failure, starvation or various forms of torture.If answers are hard to come by in the public cat-and-mouse game between the determined chief justice and recalcitrant provincial police and government officials, the story comes tumbling out in private.

“The dead bodies are of persons who have been picked up. Everyone knows who’s behind it. There’s only one institution that can be doing this,” according to a lawyer familiar with the issue of missing persons and the recent deaths.The allegation that the army and its intelligence agencies are responsible for the mysterious deaths was firmly denied by a senior security official in the province. “Absolutely not. We’ve killed so many on the battlefield, why would we need to be doing this?” the official claimed.

But the army denials are rejected by human rights activists. “Of the people the security forces pick up, they put them in three categories: white, grey and black,” said Sher Muhammad Khan, the vice-chair of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

“White are released eventually, grey are handed over to the courts and black they deal with themselves.”

Judicial scrutiny

Much of the credit – and in certain quarters, blame – for highlighting the issue of missing persons and the dead bodies is attributed to the superior judiciary. Chief Justice Dost Muhammad Khan, who was elevated to the top slot in the Peshawar High Court last November, has been particularly forceful in trying to bring the security apparatus to account.

“The PHC is constantly asking questions, threatening to suspend officials, making statements, bringing a lot of media attention,” according to Malik Jrar, a Peshawar-based lawyer who has represented the families of missing persons.

“This new phase of judicial activism really took off after the Adiala 11 case,” Jrar added, referring to the Supreme Court’s attempt earlier this year to determine the fate of 11 detainees allegedly picked up by the army from outside Adiala prison, Rawalpindi, after they were set free by the Lahore High Court in 2010.

The senior security official in the province claimed he was somewhat sympathetic to the superior judiciary’s actions – “they are just following the law” – but expressed dismay at the system.

“Let’s say there are people in the four figures with us. But look at me, I’m an educated man, a professional man and my word can’t be evidence in court because the law doesn’t accept a policeman or soldier’s word but will accept that of even a chaprasi,” the official said.

An analyst familiar with the security establishment’s thinking suggested that in reality there is somewhat less patience with the superior judiciary’s inquiries. “They just want to be rid of the (PHC) CJ somehow, get him elevated to the Supreme Court or something,” the analyst said.

The promotion option for Chief Justice Khan may be available relatively soon: in February, Justice Tariq Parvez Khan of the Supreme Court will retire, reducing the usual strength of three or four justices from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the Supreme Court.

Broken system

As dead bodies continue to be discovered in various parts of the province and individuals continue to go missing, officials privately agree that without a fundamental overhaul of the legal code the problem of missing persons and unexplained deaths will remain.

The Actions (in Aid of Civil Power) Regulations signed into law by President Zardari in June 2011 is a case in point of uncertainty created by weak legislation – in this case regulations allowing for the setting up of internment camps in Fata and Pata to detain suspected militants.

In June, under pressure from the Peshawar High Court, provincial authorities produced a list of 1,035 detainees who have been released and another 835 who have been shifted to the newly set up internment camps – a number far below the detainees estimated to be in the province.

“The problem is the regulation has been challenged in court and the security forces are concerned that if they bring everyone onto the books and then the regulation is struck down, they’ll be forced to release all the detainees,” said Ghulam Dastageer, a journalist who tracks the issue of missing persons.

Politics too plays its part in the lack of robust legal reform. A senior parliamentarian from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa said that the reform of anti-terrorism laws has been blocked in the National Assembly. “The JUI-F doesn’t want the laws overhauled. They won’t let it happen in the standing committee on interior.

We thought of taking it to the national security committee, but Maulana Fazlur Rehman himself sits on that committee,” the parliamentarian said.

“I went to President Zardari and told him we needed this done,” the parliamentarian added. “But he said, ‘What if they (the establishment) use the laws against us later?’ So there’s no way through.”

A chilling effect

While the PHC and Supreme Court press ahead with their inquiries, lawyers and human rights activists in Peshawar claim that the families of missing persons are increasingly afraid to turn to the courts because bodies continue to be found.

“Some families are pulling back. They may have news from somewhere that the family member is alive and think that petitioning the courts at this stage may antagonise someone and the detainee could turn up dead,” according to Malik Jrar, the Peshawar-based lawyer.

For all the unexplained dead bodies, however, it does not appear that a large-scale kill-and-dump policy, like the one being implemented in Balochistan, has been introduced in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

“KP isn’t Balochistan. There’s too much pressure and too much attention on the issue. The killings should come down,” Sher Muhammad Khan, the HRCP representative in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, said.

“This seems more about spreading fear among the terrorists, sending them a message, than a mass elimination.”

The demagogue in Khan

TALIBAN Khan is back. Today, Imran Khan and his band of angry Khanistas will be in full cry.

They will rail against the state. They will decry the spilling of blood in Fata. They will wring their hands and speak of peace. They will claim state policy is endangering Pakistan and Pakistanis.

They will be lying. Not in a well-meaning but-they-don’t-know-better way. They will be lying through their teeth.

Khan knows what he’s doing. He’s being exactly the cynical politician he curses and spits on every hour of every day on every TV channel.

In Fata, the drones fall in North Waziristan, and occasionally South Waziristan. Khan is going nowhere near where the drones strike.

Why?

Because drone missiles may rain down on Fata, but they resonate in Pakistan proper. A made-for-TV dog and pony show that will be high on drama and low on substance will resonate with Khan’s base.

In Punjab, they love their nationalism. Chest-beating, drum-banging, fire-and-brimstone nationalism. Pakistan is under attack! The imperialist Americans are out to destroy Pakistan! Imran Khan is standing up for what’s good and right. We must support him.

Ergo, a few more votes come election time and some red meat to keep the base from thinking too much about factionalism and infighting in the PTI.

The same goes for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. They’re afraid of the Taliban. They don’t like the army. But they’re also suspicious of the US and bitter about what their Pakhtun brethren have suffered in Afghanistan and Fata.

So Khan rattling the American cage stirs up the right kind of emotions. In a province where so many parties are jostling for votes, every little bit counts.

And because this is Khan, arrogant, head-in-the-clouds Khan, he probably thinks protesting drones and military operations — though mostly just drones — will boost the PTI’s chances in new electoral terrain.

Fata for the first time will be contested along party lines at the next election. That’s 12 seats in parliament up for grabs. Twelve seats that were nominally independent but that will now go to some party or the other. Twelve seats out of 272 directly elected seats in an assembly that will be fragmented and where every seat will count come government-formation time after the elections.

The problem with Khan isn’t that he’s playing politics. Bashing your opponent, promising milk and honey, pandering to the lowest common denominators to reap the maximum electoral benefits — all of that is par for the course, here or anywhere, in politics.

The problem with Khan is that he’s endangering Pakistan and Pakistanis.

Yell loud enough, mock long enough, condemn emphatically enough — and what you say can begin to sound like the truth here.

But there is also an objective truth. We fight in Fata because there is a terrible and tenacious foe there, a hydra-headed enemy that craves destruction and is fantastically good at it.

Mercifully, those who understand the enemy and put their lives on the line fighting it will not be deterred by Khan’s antics. The army will fight on because it knows it has no choice.

Also mercifully, Taliban Khan’s antics won’t provide comfort to the enemy, his lies in South Waziristan and on Fata will not swell the enemy’s ranks, and there isn’t going to be a surge in militant violence because Khan wants to play politics with Fata.

But Khan’s march today will have pernicious effects. Complex effects that the glib Khanistas will try and swat away with high-sounding pabulum.

Stripped of the hype — and the lies — Khan’s antics amount to buttressing and mainstreaming resistance to a modern and progressive Pakistan.

Khan may have Asad Umar and Jahangir Tarin who want to fix the economy. He may have Shafqat Mahmood who wants to bring some professionalism and competence to governance. He may have Shah Mehmood Qureshi who wants to use diplomacy to improve ties with the outside world.

But all of that is meaningless if we don’t get rid of the militants and the infrastructure of jihad.

And we will never be rid of the militants and the infrastructure of jihad until Pakistanis understand who the enemy is, why it is the enemy and what the enemy wants to do to Pakistan.

And Pakistanis will never understand any of that if mainstream politicians parrot the lies the security establishment told us for years until the lies blew up in its face and took down the rest of us as collateral damage.

Do Khan’s lies make him worse than the dangerously delusional security establishment and the wickedly cowardly politicians who have betrayed this country and its people over and over again? No.

But it does set him alongside them. It makes him yet another demagogue whispering seductive nonsense into the ears of Pakistanis while the enemy creeps up from behind, sword in hand.

What if the people don’t think they’re being seduced or anaesthetised for harm, the PTI will ask. What if it’s the critics who are brainwashed and the pontificating analysts who have walked this country into a cul-de-sac with no way back, the Khanistas will shoot back.

But that’s what happens when demagogues play politics and distort the undeniable. While the false argument rages, the real threat — the problems of militancy, extremism and radicalism and the enabling environment Khan is helping perpetuate — will grow in plain sight, ignored by the wilfully ignorant.

The obvious problem: what we refuse to see, what we refuse to accept, still has very real effects. Militancy and the extremist mindset are as real as real can be.

Today, Taliban Khan and the little Khanistas will bask in the warm glow of adulation. But it will come to be remembered as the harsh glare of truth.

The truth that the demagogue who preached about saving Pakistan helped make Pakistan and Pakistanis that much less safe.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

The flag of surrender

THE green flag of Islam was vigorously waved Friday, the government wants us to believe. But to anyone who knows anything about this place, it was really a white flag of surrender in the PPP’s hands.

That the PPP has pandered to the religious right in the hope that giving them space will make them leave everyone else alone is true from the time of ZAB. The problem is, 35 years on, the camel’s nose and much of the rest of him is already inside the tent.

Cowardice and a myopic survival instinct dictated the PPP’s decision to embrace the mobs. The thinking was fairly rudimentary, as it often is here: get on the right side of the outrage; co-opt the raging few by giving their protests an official imprimatur; after Friday, treat the matter as adequately protested; and with the government’s flanks protected thus, push back if the protesters refuse to get off the streets.

As far as the government is concerned, the Friday ruse worked.

The protests weren’t enormous, they weren’t as violent as things can get in Pakistan and the government is now insulated from accusations that it is soft on the godless US. In a situation loaded with downside risks, the government thinks it has prevented the grenade in its lap from going off.

By any other measure, it was a very stupid thing to do.

The original provocation came from outside Pakistan. In the US, in Europe, the hostility to Islam in fringe quarters is very real.

The Internet has made the dissemination of hate material all too easy. There will be, almost without any doubt, more firebombs lobbed by the crazies over there.

Friday has set a precedent here. The next time someone somewhere produces material offensive to Muslims and it gets some international traction, the state will be expected to go a step further. For the Day of Love has shifted the goalposts.

During the Danish cartoon episode, the state was expected to stand back and let the rioters vent their anger. Interfere too much and it would have meant the state was against Islam and righteous Muslims.

The on-going movie episode has established that the state needs to be proactive in channelling the rightwing’s outrage and mainstream society’s hurt.

The next episode will require a bigger gesture. An empty, meaningless gesture it will be in terms of preventing hateful content from being created and disseminated in the West, but form matters more than substance in such matters.

The problem is obvious: rage expressed against external actors has corrosive effects internally, on Pakistani society.

For the same folks out here fulminating against the US and the West want to first and foremost remake Pakistan in their own likeness. Clumsy, disorganised and disunited as they may be, the various strands of intolerance have already squeezed the space available for everyone else.

Much is made of the PPP’s pusillanimity. The mullah will never vote for them, so why appease him? Particularly when appeasing the mullah erodes the space for the PPP’s brand of politics.

But the PPP politician is already dealing with his own base being infected. A PPP leader from a part of Punjab not known for being in thrall to extremism shared an anecdote with friends recently.

A long-time supporter in the minister’s constituency came to him with a suggestion the jiyala believed was sure to guarantee the minister’s re-election. Go pay your respects to Mumtaz Qadri in prison, the PPP loyalist said.

I can’t go visit a convicted murderer, the minister replied.

The PPP worker was shocked. Qadri isn’t a murderer, he’s a hero of Islam, he said.

That is the secular and liberal PPP of 2012.

Cowardice also plays a role here. The right has its foot soldiers, ready to come out on the street and cause mayhem. Where are the moderates and how many of them will come out on the streets, the PPP leadership asks.

Except that is to turn leadership on its head. Politicians who look to the public to provide leadership have long lost the plot. But the rot is even worse.

When the idea of declaring a national holiday on Friday came up in the cabinet meeting last week, several ministers expressed their reservations. They understood exactly what giving oxygen and space to the protesters would mean.

One man who pressed hard for the holiday was said to be our very own Rehman Malik. When put on the defensive by counter arguments, Malik claimed he had intelligence that Friday would be a very bloody day and many people would die. A national holiday was a security imperative. That’s when the others relented.

Had the pressure come from the street, the government’s capitulation may have been understandable — though it would have still been hard to forgive. That the impetus came from the government’s leadership ranks while the street was still fairly quiet, and more than manageable, makes the bankruptcy at the top even worse.

The trajectory of these protests is hard to gauge at the moment. Will they sputter out in the days ahead or will some other provocation, or another surge of hate from the right, cause them to flare up again?

If it’s the latter, the government’s theory will be tested severely. For what if the protesters still mass on the roads and set out to invade embassies and attack businesses and state property?

The theory was that after the Friday sop, the government would be able to use force, even lethal force if necessary, because it has protected its flanks from accusations it is soft on hate against Muslims and Islam.

Except the Friday concession has made it that much more difficult to draw a line in the sand. For who will have the courage to order a crackdown on violent protests now, if protests do continue?

And why shouldn’t the protests continue? After all, everyone has seen the government wave the flag of surrender once.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

A tightrope to nowhere

LATELY, something strange has happened. The army has kept quiet. In the face of fairly meaty provocations from the US.

Post the Glocs-cum-apology deal, the media in the US erupted with chatter about an impending operation in North Waziristan.

Panetta then turbocharged the speculation by talking of options being discussed with the Pakistan Army.

Over here, the response was unusually muted.

The army has long argued that NWA is only doable if there’s a political and social consensus in favour of an operation. But nothing undermines the possibility of a favourable consensus on anything in Pakistan as much as American fingerprints all over a decision.

And yet, other than the Peshawar corps commander downplaying the speculation, there was no visible response, no anger or resentment expressed on the Pakistani side against damaging comments from the American camp.

The reaction to the designation of the Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organisation has been an even bigger surprise.

The implications are clear. Today, the Haqqanis are a terrorist organisation. Tomorrow, if things go further south between Pakistan and the US, Pakistan could become a state sponsor of terrorism for harbouring the Haqqanis, a reality Pakistan doesn’t really try and hide anymore.

But here’s the amazing part: the army has kept silent.

None of the favourites in the media have been activated to decry the provocative move by the Americans. No unnamed security official has railed against the American military preparing to scapegoat Pakistan for the US military failure in Afghanistan.

The ISPR hasn’t issued a statement talking of concern at high levels in the military. No senior official has spoken of the unwelcome impact on Afghan reconciliation that the US designation will have.

Nothing.

The question is, why?

Behind the scenes, there is speculation the US has signalled its willingness to ramp up reconciliation with the Afghan Taliban and to give Pakistan a larger say in the process.

That, according to this theory, has helped tamp down army criticism of unwelcome chatter by the Americans on the Haqqanis and North Waziristan.

Spoken of in more hushed tones is another theory: Gen K and his inner circle are trying to prevent ties with the US from unravelling further.

As the supply-route closure dragged on, the extent of American anger and disillusionment with Pakistan began to sink in. The CIA is nasty. The military is looking to pass on the blame for the failure in Afghanistan. Congress is unhappy with a duplicitous ally who sucks up funds and spits out venom.

And yet, the army needs the Americans. It needs them to keep the funds flowing. It needs them to exit Afghanistan in an orderly manner. It needs them to help salvage a modicum of stability there. It needs them to keep Pakistan on the right side of international opinion and the world economy.

The Americans are an angry bunch, but they’re an angry bunch Pakistan needs — and Gen K knows this.

Still, if keeping the Americans engaged is necessary, the general is walking a perilous tightrope. For mistrustful and angry as the Americans are and necessary as it may be to keep them engaged, there is another group that is just as angry and mistrustful and who need to be kept on side even more: the hawks in the army here.

The more Gen K tries to smooth things over with the Americans, the more he risks stoking more discontent over what is a very unpopular approach, however necessary the pragmatists know it to be.

There is also the slight problem of American petulance making smoothing things over that much more difficult. Gen K has already been stung very publicly once. The courtship by Mike Mullen had a spectacular denouement: a humiliating dressing down by the admiral at his final testimony before Congress.

Gone was the forced bonhomie, all that was left were the words that still ring in ears here: the Haqqanis are a ‘veritable arm’ of the ISI. The Americans will screw us anyway, why are we setting ourselves up for another fall, the hawks here argue.

To this, and much else, the army high command doesn’t really have an answer. Part of the problem is that the Americans don’t really know what they want. But the other part of the problem is that neither does Pakistan.

Gen K is walking a tightrope, but even in a circus, it starts at point A and ends at point B. Where is the general’s tightrope leading him? Nobody knows.

A balancing act for the sake of balancing can be a good survival strategy — for an individual. For an institution and a country, it doesn’t make much sense.

Say the general is trying to ride out a rough patch, to buy some time until there’s more clarity on the American side. For a novice, that could make sense. For a two-term army chief, not so much.

And this is where the paralysis becomes all the more damning. From November 2010, when a second term sent out the message of indispensability, to now, September 2012, a sceptic could ask: what was the point?

Where is the policy articulation, where is the direction, where is the strategy? Fata is the same, Pakistan proper is a ticking bomb, Afghanistan is in limbo, progress with India is tenuous, the great reorientation towards China and Russia a non-starter, and the Americans have all but been lost.

When you try to take everyone along, you end up losing them all sometimes. Especially if you’re on a tightrope to nowhere. n

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Notes from Mohmand

HOW do you win against an enemy who only needs to not lose?

It’s a problem that has confounded counter-insurgency campaigns the world over, and it’s a problem the Pakistan Army is struggling to overcome in Fata.

The army has figured out how to ‘clear’ — at least in terms of clusters of militants — and they’ve managed to ‘hold’ fairly well. They also know what comes next: ‘transfer’.

But that crucial step is proving trickier than perhaps imagined.

Officially, the plan is to ramp up the civil administration and shore up the local forces. Have the khasadars and the levies take over policing responsibilities as and where possible and use the political agent’s office and the malik system to develop areas and win back hearts and minds.

Except, it’s hard for the civilians to take ownership in an area overrun by security forces. The office of the political agent in Mohmand was an unhappy case in point.

The de facto baadshah of a tribal agency in an era past, the political agent has been reduced to a shadow of himself.

The first sign of decrepitude is the absence of people. Locals used to queue up outside a political agent’s office from the early hours of the morning to get their problems solved.

In Mohmand, there is no one waiting to meet the political agent. People know where the power lies now and power today wears a military uniform.

Also insightful was an embarrassing few minutes while in conversation with the political agent.

A PA’s office is set up to project power. Seated behind a large desk, there are no chairs for guests on the other side of his table.

Instead, visitors must sit at a distance on chairs lined up against the walls.

Perhaps by design or maybe by default, a strip of white marble runs around the floor just in front of the chairs pressed up against the wall — a physical marker separating the PA’s space from those he permits to visit him.

But, in this land of tribal honour and pride, all pretences of power vaporised in an excruciating few minutes. The PA’s personal phone rang and it quickly became apparent it was someone from the security apparatus calling.

From the PA’s clipped answers, the questions were obvious. Who were his visitors? Why were they in Mohmand? Which organisation did they belong to? What were their job descriptions? Were they recording or filming?

Who was the visitor from Karachi? Cee-ral? Sigh-ril? Helpless, the PA looked at me for a spelling. Where were we planning on going? How long would we stay?

Just like that, the PA had been reduced to a pitiable figure. Even to a visitor from Karachi, it was clear who is boss in Mohmand.

Outside, a quick query produced an uncomfortable answer: the most senior officer in Mohmand at the moment is of middle rank. “The PA can’t even stand up to a captain,” a local remarked contemptuously.

So how do you transfer responsibility to the civilian apparatus when he has no power?

There are no answers in Mohmand. And Mohmand hasn’t seen the kind of truly intense insurgency that other parts of Fata have.

Unable to move forward, the fear is that Mohmand could slip back. For how long can you claim to have succeeded in ‘holding’, particularly when the battle has morphed?

The army and the FC do physically dominate the space. But the Taliban leadership has fled and foot soldiers who stayed have melted away.

Hunting down the militants while trying to protect your forces tends to exact a heavy price on the local population. And a heavy price tends to produce more Taliban sympathisers.

If this were a frontal war, it would be a no-contest. The Taliban simply don’t have the firepower to defeat the security forces.

But the Taliban have adapted. They have time, they have local intelligence and their attacks require few resources of war.

The army believes the key is Afghanistan: when the war against occupation ends there, much of the oxygen will be sucked out of the war in Fata.

But that tends to miss the point. Fata is no Balochistan. There isn’t a separatist movement and the Taliban haven’t earned widespread sympathy.

What does exist, though, in Fata is an infrastructure for jihad. Roam through Mohmand and the health centres and clinics and schools sponsored by the religious right are more evident than state institutions.

Scratch that surface, speak to locals and the parallel infrastructure that has mushroomed over the last three decades emerges unmolested.

How many were part of the Mohmand Taliban when it announced its arrival in an orgy of blood and gore? A few hundred, maybe a few thousand at most?

In a shadowy war, they need even fewer to survive. That unmolested infrastructure of jihad can supply the required few.

The unsettling part is that you get a sense that the state wishes it could just put back the lid on the Fata box and get on with life.

Don’t harm us, we won’t harm you. If we do need to use you on occasion, consider it your contribution to the national interest.

But that’s what created the mess in the first place. Five decades of Fata being a closed box created the conditions for the last decade of mayhem.

In Mohmand, for all the progress on the security front, you can’t shake off the feeling that the state has run out of ideas.

The head is back in the sand. Except this time, there’s an IED planted next to it.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Peace, of a relative kind, in an insurgency-hit area

WELCOME to the land of Mohmand and Marble — the lettering on the concrete gateway announcing the limits of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa have ended and Fata has begun — is the only overt sign that one is entering a warzone.

The check-posts on either side of the gateway are lightly fortified. Vehicles driving out of Mohmand and into Charsadda district are more likely to be stopped and searched by the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa police than those going the other way past the security forces in Mohmand.

Driving into the Agency on a visit privately arranged and without intimating the security forces or the local administration was a surprisingly easy affair. A few words exchanged in the local dialect between a translator and a guard on the Mohmand side of the gateway and on we were allowed to proceed, driving down towards the Agency headquarters, Ghallanai, a half-hour drive away.

But the tell-tale signs of a recent warzone are more difficult to scrub away. A few hundred yards past the entrance to Mohmand, a row of newly constructed and as-yet-unpainted shops marks the site where over a hundred people were killed in a suicide attack in July 2010.

The target was the assistant political agent’s office behind the row of shops where an anti-Taliban jirga had convened that July morning. The shops across the road that survived the attack have repainted their facades, though the pockmarks of shrapnel are still clearly visible.

Past the Ekkaghund Bazaar and through hilly terrain over a road torn up for rebuilding — part of a project to improve the infrastructure for trade with Afghanistan — lies Ghallanai.

Security along this stretch of the road is light. The most formidable obstacles in the day are the trucks loaded with precariously balanced slabs of marble, Mohmand’s only export of significance, winding their way across broken sections of road and the wagons ferrying passengers at dangerous speeds around blind corners.

A land stuck in the past

Mohmand is an arid, hilly area of less than a thousand square miles. Remote and rugged, the only economy of note is linked to the coveted marble quarries and small trade across the border with Afghanistan.

Unlike neighbouring Bajaur, with its larger population and thriving political culture, Mohmand has remained in thrall to the malik culture and regressive ways. Locals tell of neighbourhoods where schools were only allowed for the first time in the mid 2000s and where the only mechanised vehicles permitted until recent years were tractors.

“Some parents used to send their children to schools across the border in Afghanistan. The locals were opposed to schools and modernity. They said that their pardah would end, that they would lose their independence if the outside world was allowed in,” according to Gul Mohammad, a local journalist speaking at the Mohmand Press Club, established a decade ago, in Ghallanai.

Over tea and biscuits, a group of locals explained Mohmand’s descent into militancy. “After the Lal Masjid episode, Abdul Wali (nom de guerre Omar Khalid) seized the shrine of Haji Tarungzai in Safi tehsil and declared it the new Lal Masjid. They swore they would take revenge and went on a campaign of terror,” according to a local who spoke on the condition of anonymity in an area where both the security forces and the militants keep close tabs on the local population.

“They rounded up all those accused of criminal activities and who opposed them and killed them. Some were beheaded. They blew up schools. It was terrifying,” the local added.

The turning point came during Operation Brekhna, a three-phase military operation between January and September 2011 that, the army claims, resulted in 85-90 per cent of militants in the Agency being routed.

Locals, though, have a different view. “Before we used to fear the turban (the Taliban), now we fear the belt (the security forces),” said another resident of Ghallanai, referring to the army’s heavy-handed tactics in attempting to crush the Mohmand Taliban.

The Ghallanai bubble

The daytime, small-town hustle and bustle of Ghallanai is unmistakable. Headquarters of the political administration and with security forces in abundance, the Taliban’s public presence is not in evidence.

A visit to the office of the political agent, Adil Siddiq, inside a fortified compound of government and security offices, produced the official line: the main fight was over, security had improved dramatically and now the civil administration is ramping up development projects.

“In terms of security problems, I’d say Mohmand is 5.5 or six out of the seven agencies,” Siddiq said. “Since Operation Brekhna, the miscreants have been pushed out of the Pakistan border. There may be some local sympathisers but nothing more.”

“Mohmand isn’t like Karachi,” Siddiq added. “There are no no-go areas.”

In a nearby hujra, the head of an amn lashkar hinted at a different reality. Malik Sultan, a former local commander of the Afghan Taliban and belonging to the disputed Bahzai area nestled between the borders of Mohmand, Bajaur and Afghanistan, proudly displayed shrapnel scars on his limbs and talked of the many men he had lost fighting the Mohmand Taliban.

But when asked how and why the Mohmand Taliban were able to survive, Sultan demurred: “There is sympathy for the Afghan Taliban; after all, we are Muslims.”

Another local was more forthcoming in private: “The people (of Mohmand Agency) are backward and everything is about their culture and their religion. They have many children. So when someone comes and says, ‘Give us one of your sons for Islam,’ they don’t resist. The Taliban here have many sympathisers.”

And perhaps that’s why even in Ghallanai the day is of two very different halves.

“The bazaar here shuts at seven. After that no one dares go out. In other parts of the Agency, the shops close after Asr (prayers),” said a resident of Ghallanai while discussing the pervasive fear of either being ambushed by militants or targeted by security forces during what becomes a virtual curfew as the sun starts to set.Continuing onwards from Ghallanai, through the hills of Mohmand towards Safi tehsil, the stronghold of the Mohmand Taliban, it soon becomes obvious how far from normality the Agency still is.

(This is the first in a special two-part series on Mohmand Agency)

To write or not to write

HERE’S an idea for that cussed letter to Switzerland:

Dear Switzerland,

We liked you better when you were best known here for your watches, chocolate and those gadget-cum-knives that look more useful than they are.

Please stop screwing up our fragile experiment with democracy.

In return, whatever Pakistani money you can find in your banks, keep it. It’s not like we were going to see much of it anyway.

Sincerely, Pakistan.

You get the feeling that if Justice Asif Khosa were given that draft, he’d take it.

Theories abound at the moment. So here’s mine.

There will be no letter written. Raja Rental will go home. If Raja goes home before Zardari is ready to call an election, a new prime minister will be sworn in. If not, we’ll go into an interim set-up and Zardari wouldn’t mind if the court forced the caretaker prime minister to write the letter the PPP wouldn’t.

So what is Farooq Naek up to then?

A few months ago, the law minister was unceremoniously chucked out of the Senate chairmanship and demoted to law minister. Most would be chastened by that experience. But here is Naek working to find a middle ground between a court that won’t back off and a president who won’t give in.

Were something to go wrong, Naek would be the fall guy and for all his closeness to Zardari, a second perceived transgression in quick order could leave him out in a Siachen-like cold. Few politicians would take such a risk. So what is Naek up to?

Here’s my theory: Naek is giving Justice Khosa what he needs.

Justice Khosa is in a bind. A judge whose career will extend far beyond the chief justice’s, Justice Khosa doesn’t want the dismissal of an elected prime minister on his record.

But until December 2013, it’s the Court of Chaudhry. The PPP has defied the court on the Swiss letter and the Court of Chaudhry has decided it will not accept the PPP’s defiance. So Justice Khosa has his work cut out for him.

The last time, a Khosa-led bench convicted Gilani for contempt but left open the question of disqualification. But then the CJ knocked out Gilani when the speaker’s ruling rejecting the question of disqualification was challenged in court.

So now it’s virtually impossible for Justice Khosa to go only as far as convicting a PM for contempt. For were he to leave open the question of disqualification again, it would open the floodgates to speculation about divisions in the court.

Which leaves the future Chief Justice Khosa desperate for some way, any way, to buy himself some time and avoid the stain of ousting a prime minister.

Enter Naek. The law minister is a quiet operator; not for him are the theatrics of a Babar Awan or the public partisanship of an Aitzaz Ahsan.

The letter holds no legal threat to Zardari, this much the court and the PPP know.

It’s fundamentally a political matter: the court either wanting to humiliate Zardari by having his own government write a letter implying he is corrupt or, having backed itself into a corner, having no other option but to insist the letter be written.

Therein lies Naek’s opportunity.

A determined, and selectively public, effort by Naek to convince the president of the harmlessness of the Swiss letter gives Justice Khosa a legitimate reason to give the PPP more time.

After all, Zardari can’t relent overnight. He’d have to distance himself from the refusal to allow a trial of BB’s grave and be given time for the sting of one prime minister ousted to subside.

So Naek is signalling two things to the court: one, a certain kind of letter can be drafted that could be palatable to Zardari and the PPP; and two, it will take time to convince the president and the PPP hawks of the palatability of any kind of letter written at this stage.

Either way, Naek wins. If an anodyne is written, Naek is the hero who managed to forge a compromise where no one else could. If the letter isn’t written, the mere appearance of working towards a compromise has bought Raja time few thought possible in June.

Already Raja has had from July 12 — when the court asked the new PM to explain his position on the letter — till Sept 18. And already we know the worst that can happen on Sept 18 is that Raja can be charged with contempt — meaning at least several more weeks of the same game between a reluctant cat and a recalcitrant mouse.

Which brings us back to square one: will Zardari let the letter be written?

The Naek gambit has let the cat out of the bag: there is no legal liability at stake for the president. That a certain draft would have dangerous repercussions for Zardari and another kind wouldn’t is legal voodoo.

There is only a political calculation at work here. Going into an election after a disastrous term in charge, realistically all the PPP has is the emotional card: one prime minister hanged, a second assassinated, a third ousted.

A fourth ouster only strengthens the emotional appeal of political sacrifice by the PPP.

So why write the letter to be rid of a judicial headache when the perpetuation of that headache is a political boon?

There will be no letter written.

But what if the interim prime minister did? In a stroke, the PPP would become an opposition party during the election campaign.

There will be no letter written. Not by the PPP.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

A country lost

IT began with the flag. A strip of white slapped on, but separate and away from the sea of green — the problem was there from the very outset: one group cast aside from the rest.

A more prescient mind would have thought to put the white in the middle, enscon-ced in a sea of green, a symbolic embrace of the other.

But why blame the flag?

It began with the founding theory.

A country created for Muslims but not in the name of Islam. Try selling that distinction to your average Pakistani in 2012. 1947 was another country and it still found few takers.

Pakistan’s dirty little secret isn’t its treatment of non-Muslims or Shias or the sundry other groups who find themselves in the cross-hairs of the rabid and the religious. Pakistan’s dirty little secret is that everyone is a minority.

It begins with Muslim and non-Muslim: 97 per cent and the hapless and helpless three. But soon enough, the sectarian divide kicks in: Shia and Sunni. There’s another 20 per cent erased from the majority.

Next, the intra-Sunni divisions: Hanafi and the Ahl-e-Hadith. Seventy per cent of Pakistan may be Hanafi, five per cent Ahl-e-Hadith.

Then the intra-intra-Sunni divisions: Hanafis split between the growing Deobandis and the more static Barelvis.

And finally, within the 40 per cent or so that comprise Barelvis in Pakistan, there’s the different orders: the numerous Chishtis, the more conservative Naqshbandis and the microscopic Qadris.

In Pakistan, there is no majority.

There’s the terror that every minority lives in: non-Muslim from Muslim, Shia from Sunni, Barelvi from Wahabi, secular Sunni from rabid Barelvi — the future is now and it is bleak.

Some mourn the passing of Jinnah’s vision and seek solace in his Aug 11 speech. But there never was an Aug 11 version of Pakistan: it was stillborn, killed off by the religious right as soon as it was articulated.

The 1954 Munir report has been forgotten by most, but it contains some of the most poignant remarks on Pakistan’s search for an identity and peace within.

“The Quaid-i-Azam was the founder of Pakistan and the occasion on which he thus spoke [on Aug 11, 1947] was the first landmark in the history of Pakistan. The speech was intended both for his own people including non-Muslims and the world, and its object was to define as clearly as possible the ideal to the attainment of which the new State was to devote all its energies….

“We asked the ulema whether this conception of a state was acceptable to them and everyone of them replied in an unhesitating negative, including the Ahrar and erstwhile Congressites with whom before the Partition this conception was almost a part of their faith. If Maulana Amin Ahsan Islahi’s evidence correctly represents the view of Jamaat-i-Islami, a state based on this idea is the creature of the devil, and he is confirmed in this by several writings of his chief, Maulana Abul Ala Maudoodi, the founder of the Jamaat.”

But if the ulema hated Aug 11, surely they loved the Objectives Resolution, the death knell of a pluralistic and tolerant Pakistan that followed a year and a half later?

Not quite. Again from the Munir report:

“The Quaid-i-Azam’s conception of a modern national state, it is alleged, became obsolete with the passing of the Objectives Resolution on 12th March 1949; but it has been freely admitted that this Resolution, though grandiloquent in words, phrases and clauses, is nothing but a hoax and that not only does it not contain even a semblance of the embryo of an Islamic State but its provisions, particularly those relating to fundamental rights, are directly opposed to the principles of an Islamic State.”

The Objectives Resolution denounced as a hoax? To stand on a street and claim that in the Pakistan of today would be to invite a lynching. And yet, that’s exactly what the ulema of the 1950s said, on the record, in full view of the public and history.

Confused? You should be.

The contortions and convolutions of the religious right in Pakistan are enough to make the head spin. But that’s not really where the story of how Pakistan has arrived at the miserable place it has is located.

The religious right and its more rabid cousins have come to dominate Pakistan not because they are more coherent, united and organised.They have come to dominate Pakistan because theirs is the only discourse being peddled.

You fear for the 11-year-old girl accused of blasphemy, you weep for the dead Shias of Babuser Top, you blanch at the relentless persecution of Ahmadis, you shiver at the thought of life as a Hazara in Balochistan — but in all of it, you know there’s little that can be done.

A declining state unable to protect its most precious assets; a social contract between society and state that was never quite signed; dark forces long unleashed in society that have never really been challenged — who can stand up and how?

A general speaks out, a police chief stands up, a politician denounces intolerance, a preacher reaches out to other denominations, a television deity urges introspection — if any of that and all of that were to happen now, today, would it really help recover the vast spaces afforded the religious right and their monstrous counterparts since the birth of the experiment we call Pakistan?

The future is now. The future is theirs. The future belongs to the right.

You and I, we’re just living here on their sufferance.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

The two North Waziristans

SUDDENLY, everyone’s got an opinion on North Waziristan.

But what the experts say and what they mean and what reality is are often very different things. Separating spin from substance has never been more difficult.

At least in the media, the Glocs-cum-apology deal reinvigorated the will-they, won’t-they debate on NWA: will the army rumble into action in NWA or won’t it?

Then the ISI chief’s DC visit turbocharged the debate, as both the American and Pakistan sides started leaking furiously.

The initial mistake — now slowly being clarified — is that everyone assumed there is one North Waziristan. But in this debate there are actually two North Waziristans: Miranshah and Mir Ali.

Loosely, Miranshah represents the American fixation: the Haqqanis. Mir Ali represents the Pakistani focus: the Pakistan-centric militants.

As ever, neither the American nor the Pakistani side is entirely truthful about what they want and why.

Start with the Americans. The story the Americans like to tell is of the Haqqanis as the devil incarnate. Much will improve in Afghanistan if Pakistan did something about the Haqqani sanctuaries in NWA, according to this tale.

The Americans aren’t asking for the Haqqanis to be destroyed, just for them to be ‘squeezed’. This to them means three things: slow the flow of funds to the Haqqanis; cut the information lines that keep the Haqqanis one step ahead of the Americans; and do something about Miranhah, the spiritual home and nerve centre of the Haqqanis as far as the Americans are concerned.

The why, as it’s told, is rooted in two reasons. The Haqqanis aren’t responsible for many attacks in Afghanistan but the ones they are responsible for are disproportionately high-impact. Haqqani attacks grab headlines, undermine the war effort and further erode the sliver of political support for the war in the US.

The other reason is the post-9/11 mindset: attack US interests viciously and spectacularly and the hammer needs to be brought down.

The truth, hard as it is for the Americans to swallow, is that those reasons aren’t good enough for the Pakistan Army.

Within the framework of the security paradigm the army here follows — setting aside whether that paradigm is genuinely in Pakistan’s national interest or not — the American reasons for squeezing the Haqqanis don’t make sense. For there is an alternative: the Haqqanis can be dealt with on the Afghan side, if the Americans are willing to accept the existence per se of the Haqqanis is not inimical to American interests — which it isn’t.

The Haqqanis seek to dominate Khost, Paktia and Paktika. They have no national ambitions. As luck would have it, the geography of those provinces is such that fencing them in is a very real possibility. If the Haqqanis still try and sneak out and hit Kabul — a red line for the Americans — they could be whacked.

So why obsess over the Haqqani safe havens in Pakistan?

The answer to the Haqqani-NWA fixation seems to have much to do with the dysfunctionality in the theory and practice of the war in Afghanistan.

The boys with the toys on the American side — the military and intelligence folks — sold the theory that the North Waziristan safe havens were the main problem in containing the Haqqanis, and that has been internalised across the American policymaking spectrum.

The army here knows this. It knows the American obsession is misplaced and that an alternative exists. So the core of the American demands against the Haqqanis in NWA is likely to be rebuffed.

That settles one of the two North Waziristans.

Turn to Pakistan. When the fight to recover Fata from the clutches of the Pakistan-centric militants began, it was always known that the Waziristan agencies would be the final battle for control of territory. The Waziristan agencies, for reasons of ancient tribal and more recent jihad history, present a challenge unlike any other agency or settled district.

Overall, the approach to recovering Fata has been fairly consistent: ensure adequate military resources are available for the fight; move to deny the militants physical space; and then consolidate the war gains by rehabilitating local security forces and the political administration.

That eventually the Pakistan-centric militants in NWA would have to be taken on was always known. That the army has understood and accepted this — as opposed to trying to bring rogue militants back into the pet jihadist fold — is also largely true.

Inside the army, the question is less if the Mir Ali version of North Waziristan should be taken on at all and more about when and to what extent.

Operationally, until central Kurram and Orakzai are consolidated, the Pakistan-centric in NWA militants will have another place to escape to — defeating the strategy of incrementally denying the militants physical space.

Additionally, for all the troops already stationed in NWA, they’re busy with defensive duties, meaning offensive forces will have to be drafted in. That means freeing up military resources elsewhere first.

If all of that sounds straightforward enough — just a matter of getting the timing and resources right — that’s precisely the message the army wants to put across.

Easy to guess, though, that isn’t the full story.

Officially, the hesitancy of the army is in the final reckoning linked to blowback: how to prevent escalating attacks inside Pakistan proper and on security targets when the army goes after the Pakistan-centric militants in NWA.

The threat of unmanageable blowback is real enough to count as a genuine reason for hesitancy.

But what the army won’t admit is another concern: the army’s self-created and self-perpetuated image inside Pakistan as the only viable institution.

If the blowback from an operation in NWA is fierce enough, the Pakistani public may begin to question whether the army is all that it’s made itself out to be, whether generals more interested in DHA plots and commercial interests have lost the security plot.

When everything else is in place — the right environment, the operational capacity, everything — the unmentioned fear may determine what will happen in North Waziristan.

Will the army risk its reputation in NWA to fight a battle it militarily knows it must fight but which could have unmanageable political repercussions for the army inside Pakistan proper?

On that question, more than anything else, may rest the answer to what happens in the other North Waziristan.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com twitter: @cyalm

The PPP’s election problem

THE PPP will win. No, the PML-N will. No, the PTI tsunami will sweep Pakistan.

The run-up to an election sees the usual set of extravagant public claims. Behind the scenes, the political number crunchers are more circumspect.

That PTI wave? The more realistic will admit, either the party will grab no more than a handful of seats or it will storm into contention for power.

A PML-Q-esque 50 or 60 doesn’t quite add up, the PTI knows, because the wave will either turn up or it won’t, and the party doesn’t have the electoral machinery to get a solid, middle-of-the-road win tally.

The PML-N domination of central and north Punjab? The frantic attacks against Khan and the frenetic party mobilisation tell a story of their own. The election will be more a roll of the dice than a preordained re-coronation of Fortress Sharif.

And the PPP. Ah yes, the PPP and their uber-magician, Asif Zardari. On the face of it, something quite normal is happening in the PPP: the closer we edge to an election, the more the party is looking to its leader, Zardari.

But the reason isn’t the PPP has an election-winning strategy that it’s looking to the boss to execute; it’s more that the party is hoping the boss has a plan to sneak them through to victory in a hostile electoral environment.

More hope, less plan — that’s how the PPP electoral strategy outside the small Zardari circle is shaping up.

The PPP will now admit much: incumbency is a problem; the governance disaster a bigger problem; and hanging on to power will be tough. What they won’t admit, though, is that they have a leader problem.

Winning elections nationally has always been about a visible and accessible face. Leaders who are out there, holding rallies, motivating the party machinery, sweet-talking the candidates, energising the voters — essentially, preparing the party for the crucial, but complex, final push on election day itself.

The PML-N has Nawaz. The PTI has Imran. The PPP had ZAB and BB.

Now, the PPP has Zardari. It’s a problem that the party has had time to absorb.

Punjab, a province in which the party has been rudderless for a long, long time, perhaps since the time of Khar, was supposed to be a regular port of call for Zardari.

But in a couple of years he’s visited only a couple of times. Security fears — real and perceived — hobble Zardari’s movements.

Sindh, which he trusts more, has been visited more frequently but there are no real electoral threats to challenge the PPP’s dominance there.

Bilawal, sure to be trotted out closer to the election, is untested. They’d love him in the heart of Sindh even if he spoke French and sported an ascot, but can he energise the party in Punjab?

His sisters are even younger and even more untested. The bloodline to ZAB and BB helps in the personality-obsessed vote bank the PPP courts, but can the sisters get the voter’s blood racing?

Sindh and Punjab is where the PPP’s electoral fortunes will live or die. But the old formula — a barnstorming ZAB, an indefatigable BB — can’t be applied to the new faces.

For the PPP voter, a visible and accessible party leader matters more than it does to other parties. The jiyala is emotional, he’s rooted in the cult of personality, he wants to celebrate and venerate.

Zardari can’t be that leader and the Bhutto kids are too green still. The PPP won’t admit it, but it is a worry.

Leader and message — on neither front does the PPP have a clear answer. Zardari won’t be leading rallies and the PPP hasn’t yet figured out a campaign message to grab the voter’s attention.

Zoom out enough and rallies and slogans and corner meetings and pep talks and strategy meetings can all seem like noise and that other, immutable fundamentals are what really drive the electorate. But the minutiae of a campaign do matter, and the tighter the election, the more they matter.

Like when Zardari turned up in Faisalabad for a rally a few days before the 2008 elections. It energised the party and helped the PPP grab five seats where many feared a rout.

Zardari isn’t blind to the problem, though: where we can compensate, he has.If the voter is the great unknown, the party machinery — the candidates and the workers — have been worked on through proxies. So in Sindh, there is Faryal and a division of labour regionally.

North and central Punjab have been virtually written off, but in south Punjab Zardari’s ace in the pocket is Gilani, whose profile has diminished since his ouster as PM but only temporarily. Come election time, the charge in south Punjab will almost certainly be led by Gilani.

The regionalisation of the electorate had been in motion before Zardari took over the PPP. Whether by design or by default, Zardari has encouraged that trend to make up for the particular constraints on him as party leader.

So there’s one leadership for south Punjab — where the PPP picked up 18 of the 41 available seats in 2008 — and another for Sindh — where the PPP picked up 33 seats.

But mitigating a leadership problem doesn’t mean the problem has vanished. Far from it.

Of the 91 directly elected National Assembly seats the PPP secured in 2008, 40 came from outside Sindh and south Punjab: 27 from the rest of Punjab; nine from KP; and four in Balochistan.

So even in the best-case scenario of a big bump up in south Punjab and a smaller one in Sindh, if the party is wiped out in the rest of the country, the PPP will struggle to return to power.

Add a jiyala but minus a leader — it’s difficult electoral maths.

Which is why the party is looking to Zardari: they know he probably won’t be visible or accessible come election time, but they’re hoping he’ll reach into his bag of tricks and come up with a different winning formula.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Deal or no deal?

THE Multan dream is dead. If ever there was a dream, that is.

Khawaja Asif, he of the country drawl and the searing wit, came out swinging against his party’s gadfly turned bête noire, the Khan who wouldn’t go away.

An ace actor who could give Lollywood’s finest a run for their money, Khawaja pranced and preened like a heavyweight about to deliver a first-round knock out.

Against Khan all he landed were phantom punches.

Against the dreamers dreaming of a centre-right and right-wing electoral understanding in Punjab — here’s looking at you, Munawar Hasan — Khawaja delivered a knock-out blow.

Punjab will be a dogfight and may the best man win.

Khawaja’s allegations against Shaukat Khanum — sheaves of paper and reams of sordid accusations — wouldn’t have so much as stirred an old man on a charpoy on a sleepy Ramazan afternoon.

This is Pakistan. Stack up a few million dollars of dubious allegations versus the surfeit of photos of grateful families and satisfied patients of SKMH and there’s no contest.

No one really cares because no one will ever know if there was some bungling with some funds. The hospital works and delivers and does so in a visible way — in this land of failed institutions that fact outweighs all the mud a political opponent can fling.

Upset as the little Khanistas are, though, it’s hard to feel too sympathetic towards them. After all, the PTI is secretly assembling a lot of dirt of its own to fling.

Come election time, you’ll hear again about Nawaz and his pathetic attempts to woo pretty foreign journalists, about the Sharifs’ preferences in wives and other alleged consorts, and all the other dirty tricks that make elections in Punjab colourful and not for the faint-hearted.

Wounded and victimised as they always sound, there are no shrinking violets in the PTI.

And now that Khawaja Asif has entered the fray, you may soon hear about his alleged — isn’t everything always only alleged out here? — chain of epicurean delights in the Middle East.

Let the games begin.

But all of that is silliness, tasteless and gauche as it may be. More important is what it means for the possibility of an electoral understanding in Punjab between the PML-N, the PTI and the religious parties.

The intra-party camps break down along the lines of electoral maths and personal antipathies.

For the Saad Rafiques of the PML-N and the Shah Mehmood Qureshis of the PTI, a two-way fight — PML-N vs PTI — or a three-way fight — in the few constituencies where the religious vote can be a swing factor — is bad electoral strategy.

Why fight for the same slice of the electorate and risk a third party sneaking through to victory in a first-past-the-post system?

The tighter the contest in any given constituency, the more pragmatism suggests not dividing the centre-right and right-wing vote bank. Cut a deal, the more vulnerable politicians argue, their arguments fuelled by fear and experience.

Arguing against them are the embittered — friends-turned-foes who want to grind each other into the electoral dust — and the hardliners.

Folks like Javed Hashmi and Shafqat Mahmood of the PTI want to win, and win big. Why cut a deal and rob the PTI of a chance to make history when the old order is tottering?

Ultimately, though, the decision will come down to Sharif the elder, with input from Sharif the younger, and Khan himself.

Deal or no deal? Which one will it be?

For the Sharifs, Punjab is their fiefdom. Loath to share it with anyone, even an informal seat adjustment formula in the province would signal the Sharifs’ hold over Punjab has loosened. And in politics, the perception of weakness can quickly turn into irreversible reality.

Concerned as the Sharifs may be about the rise of the PTI, they have scrambled and recovered some ground since the PTI’s Lahore rally last October sent shockwaves through the province.

Laptops have been handed out, development work sped up, outreach to party workers and voters ramped up — enough, the Sharifs believe, to have protected their turf within their turf, central Punjab.

So, as far as the Sharifs are concerned, it’s no deal.

Turn to Khan. No puritan is he, as he proved by embracing the status-quo options he used to rail against.

But to welcome old faces into the PTI fold is one thing; to go to the electorate hand in hand with the PML-N quite another.

Much as Khan loves to bash Zardari, his real contest is with the Sharifs. Power is Punjab and Punjab is power — at least for anyone who wants to rule Pakistan.

Seen from the constituency-level up, an understanding with the PML-N could guarantee many seats where an electoral fight would not.

But there is a flaw in that approach. For one, every constituency has two big electoral groupings — the dharras that have grown in strength since the 80s — and they can’t be on the same electoral card, formally or informally.

So if the PML-N and PTI link up, one or the other local dharra will bolt into the opposition camp, the PPP, the PML-Q, the religious parties, wherever there is an opening. A PTI-PML-N deal wouldn’t automatically eliminate serious electoral competition at the constituency level.

Second, constituency victories are a combination of what’s referred to as the electoral wind or wave — which is shaped nationally — and the local dharra.

Link up with the PML-N, however covertly, and it’ll take the wind out of the PTI sail, whose appeal is based on a rejection of the status-quo powers.

So no deal for the PTI either?

There lurks always one player who can change much.

Say Nawaz cuts a deal with the army. Suddenly, Khan would be on the wrong side of a game-changing electoral understanding. At that point, survival would dictate the opposite for the PTI: cut a deal or be shut out of power.

Which way are Gen K and DG Islam leaning?

They’re not saying and your guess is as good as mine.

The writer is a member of staff. cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

Doomsday delayed

THEY huffed and they puffed, and still the house stands. For now.

Intra-court wrangling isn’t for outsiders to see. But if we can’t see, doesn’t mean it isn’t happening. The moderates and the hardliners have been fighting this battle for a while.

Seven justices convicted Gilani for contempt, but left open the question of disqualification. Three justices summarily dispatched the PM when they had had enough and the circus threatened to get out of control.

So the respite for Raja Rental, and possibly the government and the system itself, may be just that: a very temporary lull.

And yet. Could the consternation and anger directed at the court have strengthened the moderates and spooked the hardliners enough to clear the path to an on-schedule election?

That the rumour mill has turned its attention away from an undemocratic caretaker set-up to the government allegedly contemplating extending parliament’s term to get Zardari elected next September says much about the endless appetite for political machinations here — and also the head-spinning ability of conspiracy theorists to seamlessly switch from one improbable to the opposite improbable in a matter of days.

Given the choice between the powers-that-be green-lighting yet another return to unelected rule and the civilians trying to game the system, I’d take the latter — it being easier to slap down Zardari and his improbable dreams than killing off the dreams of yet more would-be saviours.

Still, there may be a reason why the air is quickly escaping from the idea of a care-taker set-up: there are perhaps, when push comes to shove, no serious takers for it.

In days past, when the puppet master pulled the strings, the puppets danced and bobbed to the tune he set, and everyone else knew that the wheels had inexorably begun to turn.

This time, there is a sense that the puppets themselves — the ones who yearn to help remake Pakistan in the image of themselves and their masters — were the ones jerking and pulling at the strings, in the hope that the puppet master would hear their pleas and decide to scrap the messy democratic system for a cleaner set-up that will steer Pakistan out of the vortex it has been sucked into.

With the court looking like it may be willing to lead the charge, the anticipation and excitement grew.

But locating the future direction of Pakistani politics at the intersection of law and politics is perhaps not where the answer lies.

Even a transformative court needs a partner, silent or active. There is only one candidate for that: the army-led establishment.

The theories are well-known and tired: Gen K is a lame duck; much as the generals loathe Zardari, he’s someone they can do business with; the army has figured out it doesn’t have the answers; or just that with everyone suckling at the teats of the Pakistani state, no one is really interested in picking up a weapon and declaring war.

Scratch around for an answer — a meaningful, meaty, satisfying one — and you come closer to another theory: collapse, a spectacular, doomsday implosion, is not as imminent as many feared, and as long as that remains the case, the incentive to do something dramatic isn’t strong enough.

Instead of the intersection of politics and the law, perhaps it’s at the intersection of the economy and politics that the answer to inaction lies.

Jeopardise the purse strings and imperil lucre, and it has a way of concentrating the mind and casting aside doubts to do whatever it takes to protect perk and privilege.

Say the PPP’s economic mismanagement threatens the army budget or takes the country to the brink of default and international economic isolation or fashions a meltdown in urban Pakistan.

Now that would concentrate the mind in a way not much else would — or at least in a way the shenanigans and general misrule of the PPP doesn’t.

But for all its extractive politics and economics, the PPP has somehow presided over a system that won’t collapse. The rich are getting richer and the poor poorer; yet another generation has been lost to poverty and illiteracy; the state’s finances are wilting — but collapse isn’t imminent.

And that may be the difference between an intervention and none.

What is happening is terrible enough for the average Pakistani. For those who benefit from the transfer of wealth from urban to rural Pakistan — in the form of subsidies to the agri economy — and then from the feedback into urban Pakistan — in the form of all the goods and services rural residents, who save little, are spending lavishly on — the system is working. For everyone else, it’s tough luck and stale bread.

Would-be saviours want to save Pakistan and Pakistanis. But, first and foremost, they want to save themselves.

What Zardari has presided over is a growing systemic dysfunctionality, yes; but for the other power players, up to their elbows in the networks of patronage and pelf, he hasn’t yet jeopardised their income, wealth or power.

So take over or sponsor a takeover for what?

Look around. Is there a Zia who wants to rewire the fabric of the Pakistani state and society on the scene? Is there a Musharraf or a CJ Iftikhar whose jobs are on the line and have been pushed into an us-or-them decision?

There are just small men with small aspirations, content to secure their turf.

Should we be thankful? Perhaps yes.

The democratic process can limp on and who knows, maybe somewhere down the road average Pakistanis will wrest away from the predators who surround them what is their right: their country and their future.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com Twitter: @cyalm

No saints in this Multan

PULL out your divining rod and put your ear to the ground, it’s time to figure out what Multan meant.

Gilani won; Bosan lost. That we know. But what does everyone else take away from it?

The trouble with constituency elections is, zoom in too much and you lose the wood for the trees; zoom out too much and you’ll miss the stampeding herds.

But we have to start somewhere, so let’s start at the local level.

The Gilanis lost ground in Multan.

Ask the Gilani camp why and they’ll point to the ECP. They couldn’t bus people in, they couldn’t set up camps near the polling stations and they were too afraid to brazenly violate the new rules because of all the cameras around — they didn’t want another Waheeda Shah on their hands.

Bottom line, the PPP voter was disenfranchised.

But the other side also suffered the same handicaps. And yet they polled 15,000 more votes than in 2008.

By-elections usually have lower turnouts but there was at least one genuine procedural hiccup in Multan: the voter lists weren’t up to scratch.

Folks turned up to vote at a polling station only to be told their vote was registered at another station. For a constituency like NA-151 with its large number of rural voters, getting the wrong directions over SMS or turning up at the wrong polling station is the difference between voting and not voting.

Even so, that leaves the PPP a significant 13,000 votes short of the elder Gilani’s winning tally of 77,000 in 2008.

Where did the PPP voter go?

First, though, it makes sense to figure out the PPP voter who didn’t bolt — or even newly voted in its favour.

There were the folks who liked the Seraiki province slogan and there were those who loved all the concrete the Gilanis have poured around Multan. Emotionalism and patronage are still draws.

There were the expected loyalists — the biradari voters, though many defied clan diktats, and the minorities — and there were the unexpected voters — Shias liked the original Bosan but when the PML-N threw its weight behind the replacement Bosan, Shias baulked at voting for a guy supported by the party of Rana Sanauallah and his Shia-baiting extremist friends.

But all of that was a bit of a sideshow.

The PPP lost voters and it may have had little to do with the national factors that everyone’s been touting. Or did it?

Yousuf Raza Gilani was known in Multan for his soft touch. He listened to people, he helped them get by, he went to jail for getting them jobs.

But YRG the prime minister was sucked into the prime-ministerial bubble and couldn’t nurture his constituency personally. So he turned to his brother and son and the provincial assemblymen who were elected on his ticket.

The family proved to be a bit of a let down. Rough around the edges, not really committed to the exhausting work of sustaining grassroots ties, they alienated party workers and loyal voters — a dangerous development in a constituency where it’s always been a bit of a tough fight.

Then there was the usual squabbling with the ‘panel’ members — the provincial assemblymen whose constituencies overlap with NA-151.

Sulking because they may not get a party ticket at the next election or angry because they believe they’ve been treated shabbily, they didn’t work hard to pull in votes.

But there was more, and it’s this part that will have sent a chill down the spines of many a PPP ticketholder.

The PPP everyman — the party worker and loyal voter — is unhappy. He wants to know, what have I got in the last four and a half years?

Wait, what about BISP and the money poured down development holes and subsidies for farmers and jobs in the public sector and lucrative state contracts and the fistfuls of rupees thrown around Multan?

Two problems. The constituency grew richer under YRG’s premiership but it didn’t trickle down. The local leader or biradari head pocketed his cut, looked after his immediate circle, and everyone else was left to fend for themselves.

There’s also only so much patronage the state, even a prime minister, can dole out. For every job granted, nine other voters are angry they don’t have one. For every farmer who’s made a packet through inflated support prices, four others are scraping by on subsistence agriculture.

So come by-election time, a chunk of the party workers and loyal voters looked at the PPP and shrugged. That’s a problem sure to be replicated in PPP constituencies across the country.

In south Punjab, on which the party has pinned much hope, there’s a further complicating factor: the Seraiki province mantra has alienated Punjabi- and Urdu-speaking denizens and migrants from upper and central Punjab.

So for the PPP’s rivals, Multan threw up a tantalising formula that could lead to the party’s rout at the general election. There was a strong candidate with no third rival to worry about, pockets of disgruntled PPP voters, angry and fearful anti-PPP voters, and bagsful to spend on the campaign.

And yet, the PPP did win in Multan and 64,000 votes is a decent enough result.

While every politician would love to cruise to victory, he’ll grab a hard-fought victory with both hands too.

So the other lesson from Multan: patronage, emotionalism and entrenched voter networks can still be massaged to eke out constituency victories.

This, then, is the question after Multan: on the continuum between a canter, hard-fought victories and decimation, where did Multan suggest the PPP’s electoral fortunes lie at present?

The PPP optimist will be hoping for a hard-fought victory come the next general election.

But rivals have smelled blood in Multan and may start to believe decimation of the PPP at the next election is a genuine possibility.

Tailpiece: The apology-Gloc deal was supposed to have been fronted by the civilians and blessed by the army behind the scenes. But the long, long meeting at Hina Khar’s residence on the night of July 2-3 which finalised the text of Hillary Clinton’s soft apology and wrapped up a deal whose full dimensions we don’t yet know was presided over by — Gen K himself.

Guess that’s a memo the DPC and the political opposition didn’t get.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

Judging the court

SO now we know.

The moderates in the Supreme Court will go by the book, the hardliners will press for an early outcome, the prime minister will eventually go and the PPP will elect yet another one.

What’s the point to this farce?

Unhappily, that may be beside the point now.

The court can and should back off. But it seems to come down to this: in hounding the government to write the Swiss letter, it wants a PPP prime minister to implicitly state that the PPP boss is a corrupt man.

Letter written, legal repercussions or not, it will be there for all time to come on the historical record.

Surely there must be more?

It doesn’t really matter. Asif Zardari knows that this is about humiliating him and he’s called the court’s bluff. One prime minister, two prime ministers, 10 prime ministers — he’ll throw PMs at the court faster than it can knock them down.

Much has been made about the government’s stubbornness. Write the damn letter, everyone says. But let’s look at it from Zardari’s perspective.

Everyone’s corrupt here. Everyone’s heard the rumours about everyone, politicians, generals, bureaucrats and yes, even judges.

Every constituency politician by definition is corrupt here. Sustaining your base and milking it for votes come election time is an expensive business. Running a party with a national vote bank is infinitely more expensive.

Zardari just happens to be better at corruption than most. In his mind, why is that his fault?

Since he’s come to power he hasn’t done anything to any of the other players. He hasn’t chucked anyone in jail, hasn’t had cases registered against his opponents, hasn’t set NAB or the IB or the tax collectors on his political rivals.

There was the misjudgment with governor’s rule in Punjab in ’09 but the PML-N has landed more punches than it’s suffered.

As for the allies of convenience, the ANP in KP, the MQM in Karachi, the PML-Q in Punjab and Islamabad, each has raked it in as much as circumstances have allowed.

Nothing has been done to the court. The judges wanted a hermetically sealed judiciary in which they alone decide who can or cannot become a judge. So Zardari gave them a constitutional amendment, even though it meant overriding his crowning constitutional achievement, the 18th Amendment.

Malik Riaz was tweaked by the presidency when the going threatened to get really rough but then the ouster of the PM was quickly accepted. To try and save the next PM, all the government has done is pass a new law.

There are no jiyalas stationed outside the Supreme Court. There is no Sindh card or Seraiki card being flaunted around Sindh or southern Punjab.

The attorney general has an axe to grind with Court of Chaudhry but pot shots taken here and there don’t amount to much. The chief justice has claimed parliament isn’t supreme, but no one has stood up in parliament to shut down the chief justice.

What is Zardari’s goal?

Get his government past the finish line and fight for re-election in a fractured, polarised polity. The aim isn’t noble but neither is it wanton or destructive.

Here is a man who’s mocked, ridiculed, derided, spat on, abused, threatened and worse. For much of his adult life he lived in the shadow of a woman who was one of the most famous politicians in the world.

When his chance came, he didn’t aim high. He knows his limitations and set his sights accordingly.

In the rough and tumble world of Pakistani politics he has a skin thick enough to shrug off the attacks and a mind sharp enough to know everyone has a price.

So he could deliver something that no one before him could: a full-term government.

We — you and me, the unfortunate everymen in this blighted land — don’t get to pick what happens to us. But surely we can call it out for what it is.

The question is simple, why should the court bring an early end to this government?

Who’s right, who’s wrong, who’s good, who’s bad, who’s to blame less or more, set all of that aside for a minute.

The thing I like best about Zardari is that he can’t stick around for a day more than the people permit and he just doesn’t have the power to ever, ever take that right away from the people.

A judge may endorse an extended caretaker set-up or anoint yet another would-be saviour. A general may use the threat of the gun to do as he sees fit with this country.

But come September 2013, Zardari will have to face an election. And come March 2013, his government will have to face an election.

I, like many, am terrified at the prospect of another five years for Zardari.

If he can rule as incompetently and disastrously as he has and yet drag the PPP and himself to another electoral victory, it is truly frightening to imagine what he’d do the next five years.

But there is no certainty that will happen. In fact, in their heart of hearts, the PPP is worried about the verdict the electorate may deliver and increasingly concerned about their ability to manipulate that verdict.

Why should the court deny us the opportunity to find out?

Because it can? Because it wants to? Because it believes it knows better about what’s good for Pakistan? That simply isn’t good enough.

You and I may not be able to stop the court from doing what it has decided must be done. But we can certainly judge it.

And the court should know, that judgment isn’t very pleasant right now.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com twitter: @cyalm

The caretaker option

THEY won’t write the letter to get the court off their backs, they don’t know how to govern to placate an unhappy public, they can’t wrest back space from the military and the religious right to keep the democratic project on track — something’s got to give.

It comes down to this: Asif Zardari wants to get to March; everyone else wants the PPP out now.

Who will win?

For four and a half years, the PPP has survived through a combination of luck and unexpected skill. That story is well known enough.

What’s changed is something else.

For four and a half years, the PPP’s opponents, rivals and enemies — of whom there are legion — have struggled to find a way to topple the government.

They didn’t have the numbers inside parliament, they couldn’t muster the strength on the street, they weren’t getting a clear signal from the army and they didn’t know how to circumvent constitutional constraints in the presence of a court that

defied a dictator.

But an important piece has fallen into place recently. The court has dropped any pretence of being above the political fray, of issuing edicts in line with the letter and spirit of the law and of accepting its role as a watchdog.

This opens up possibilities.

One prime minister down, another on the rack, the journey from here to an ouster of the lot of them is shorter than it’s been

in four and a half years.

It’s not as if the court were acting in concert with the other players. A fight between the government and the judiciary is what got us here.

A fight the government could have avoided had it strategised differently — write the damn letter, the court’s options originally were limited — or used better tactics — appeal Gilani’s conviction to try and buy time like it had done from the

beginning; don’t tweak Malik Riaz to go after the court.

But of such mistakes are born opportunities for others and we’re now in a place where the judicial sword has been unwittingly sharpened and can be brought crashing down on the government itself.

The selection of Raja was another mistake. In political terms it wasn’t an unforced error: a last-second appointment after a less controversial nominee was sidelined, Raja was a poor choice picked in difficult circumstances and with little time left to canvass for better consensus options.

But a mistake it was and it works to the court’s advantage.

Taking out Gilani was a more difficult ask. Yes, he furiously padded the family nest. Yes, the office he occupied was a few sizes too big for him. Yes, he’ll be quickly forgotten by history.

But he was a unanimously elected prime minister in a fairly legitimately elected parliament and he was being chucked out for something that wasn’t his decision to make — that caused unease in less partisan quarters.

Raja Rental is different. His reputation is mud and he hasn’t had a chance to wash some of it off with a constituency victory yet. He symbolises everything that is wrong with this government. Administering the last rites to his premiership will be cheered on from the sidelines by most.

That knowledge will give the court more confidence to strike a second time, as if the court needed any more confidence.

Take two prime ministers out in a matter of weeks and the country will be primed for a bigger upheaval.

Which is why the dog-and-pony show is already doing the rounds of Islamabad and Pindi. The ones who yearn to serve — ostensibly the public but in reality just their masters — are straining at the leash again, hoping both to precipitate a new dispensation and be part of it when it is ushered in.

For now, of all the possible alternatives — to the extent that any are likely and will come to fruition — the military-lite option is the favourite: an extended caretaker set-up of technocrats and ‘clean’ politicians with the explicit backing of the court and the silent backing of the military.

The long-rumoured option has stayed ahead of the alternatives — direct military rule and dissolution of parliament followed immediately by elections being the hard and soft options — precisely because it offers a middle course.

Gen K cannot or may not want to take charge of the mess he’s helped create: cannot because his extension, WikiLeaks and the shocks of 2011 have rendered him a lame duck; may not want to because he perhaps understands that his institution

can’t run the domestic show while simultaneously waging a war internally and fending off the Americans in Afghanistan.

Meanwhile, the politicians, Mian Sahib in particular, will not accept being shut out of power for another extended period. An extended caretaker set-up, then, would offer an acceptable compromise to the parties with constituencies to protect.

It would knock out the PPP from the race and thus preclude the canny Zardari from winning re-election, while at the same time dangling the prospect of a return to power for the others within a couple of years.

The draw of the middle option — the extended caretaker set-up — is that it would give everyone arrayed against the PPP something, or at least the hope of getting something eventually.

The court would fulfil its desire to give Pakistan a new direction. The army would get a more competent administration fully in line with its national-security paradigm. The politicians would get rid of the PPP and have a shot at contesting power in

the absence of a heavyweight competitor within a couple of years.

At this point, Zardari doesn’t have many options left.

He can either abandon his goal of completing the government’s term or wait and see if his foes eventually get their target.

The real question on which all of this hinges: will CJ Iftikhar sanctify an option that many want but few believe has

constitutional legitimacy? Judicial cover is a necessary condition for an extended caretaker set-up to happen.

Will CJ Iftikhar march to the brink but ultimately blink or will he bring his gavel crashing down with an eye to history and his back to the lessons it has taught others before?

Nobody but CJ Iftikhar knows the answer to that just now.

We — you and me, the public at the mercy of power politics and a squabbling, fractious elite — have less than six months to find out.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

A timely deal rescues fraught ties — for now

Trucks and other vehicles travel in the mountainous area of Torkham, close to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, July 4, 2012. — Photo by AFP

The dramatic, synchronised announcement of a breakthrough in stalled ties with the US last Tuesday took most officials, diplomats and observers in Islamabad by surprise.

That a deal would eventually be worked out was accepted in many quarters — stubbornness notwithstanding, neither the US nor Pakistan had indicated that it wanted ties to break down entirely — but the timing was unexpected.

The suddenness of the apology-cum-reopening deal has fuelled speculation that both sides saw the window of opportunity for an agreement was on the verge of closing: July 4, Independence Day in the US, offering a final chance for American officials to slip in an apology before the US presidential election campaign kicks into high gear.

The weekend of July 4 has seen drama in the Pak-US relationship before: in 1999, then-prime minister Nawaz Sharif rushed to DC for an emergency meeting with President Clinton to end the Kargil conflict and save his premiership.

Was history repeating itself this week, but for very different reasons 13 years on?

According to Bruce Riedel, “Washington is largely closed for the holiday … no one is really focused on the deal that much which is probably fine with Secretary Clinton who does not want to be accused of apologising to Pakistan by the Romney camp.”

A Pakistani official in Islamabad speaking on the condition of anonymity offered a similar assessment: “The weekend of July 4th was crucial. The demand hadn’t been for an ‘unconditional apology’ but we made it clear that something had to be done. But the White House was resistant to the idea of yet another apology.”

Finding the right moment for a soft apology that would avoid President Obama being painted as the ‘apologiser-in-chief’ by his Republican opponent was only part of the problem, however: the other part was getting the fractious policy-making elite in the US to agree that a deal had to be made.

According to analysts and officials familiar with debates on Pakistan policy in the US, two factors helped nudge the White House towards a deal this week: a reluctance to be wholly dependent on Putin’s Russia via the Central Asian states and the Northern Distribution Network; and the fear that Nato allies with more severe domestic budgetary constraints and shorter withdrawal timelines than the US may enter into their own deals with Pakistan.

While European diplomats in Islamabad strenuously denied that the US’s European allies could contemplate separate supply-route deals with Pakistan, what appears more likely is that they put pressure on the US and Pakistan to settle their seven-month old dispute.

Moral high ground

Privately, officials familiar with the negotiations for reopening the supply route pointed towards a significant role for the UK, which was part of the negotiation process as the unofficial representative of European countries. On the Pakistani side, the surprise was the exclusion of the well-publicised demand for higher transit fees.

Individuals familiar with the thinking of the Pakistan Army leadership suggest that Gen Kayani had indicated a willingness to drop the demand for higher transit fees in recent weeks.

Quite why that is so is disputed, however.

According to one individual who spoke on the condition of anonymity to protect private conversations, Gen Kayani suggested that the demand for higher transit fees was a mistake as it made Pakistan lose the ‘moral high ground’ and painted the country as an opportunist.

Bruce Riedel, though, believes that it was because the Pakistani negotiating point man, Hafeez Shaikh, had wrested concessions from the US on other payments due the army: “Finance Minister Abdul Hafez Shaikh gets most of the credit here. He came across as serious and non-ideological. He was also focused on the coalition-support-funds issue, which he discussed only in private. Since the army really wanted their money he got the generals the thing they wanted most.”

Hot pursuit

A Pakistani official involved in the Pak-US negotiations offered a different assessment, suggesting that the army had finally begun to pay attention to officials on both the American and Pakistani sides arguing that the longer the supply-route closure continued, the more likely hardliners in Washington would prevail in the debate on whether to engage or punish Pakistan.

“If things continued like this, by September, if there was some incident in Afghanistan, we’d probably have American boots on the ground in Pakistan, raids to go after the guys they want to go after,” the official said. “We couldn’t afford that.”

The story of why now, why the apology and why the decision to not charge higher fees is not complete, however, without the story of the near-dysfunctional policy-making apparatus on both the Pakistani and American sides.

“There is still no centre of gravity in decision-making on Pakistan in the US. No visible leader leading the charge. And the situation is mirrored in Pakistan,” said Shuja Nawaz, director of the South Asia Centre at the Atlantic Council, a US think-tank.

Nawaz suggested that the involvement of US Deputy Secretary of State Thomas Nides and Assistant Secretary of Defence Peter Lavoy helped bring the diplomats and the defence establishment in the US on the same page, while the national security principals at the White House had been continually engaged on resolving the impasse with Pakistan.

But with so many officials involved – often officials with divergent views on how to handle the complicated relationship with Pakistan – there is little possibility of the arguments over Pakistan ending anytime soon.

The same is true of Pakistan. At least four different power centres were pulling the process of stabilising relations with the US in different directions: GHQ; the presidency; the Ministry of Foreign Affairs led by Hina Khar; and the Pakistan embassy in DC.

With ideological differences compounding the differences over strategy and tactics – to the extent that any are visible – on the Pakistani side, the capacity to respond effectively and collectively when the next crisis in Pak-US relations inevitably hits is more in doubt than ever.

More likely, the deal to reopen the Nato/Isaf supply route may prove to be the exception in a pattern of deteriorating ties between the US and Pakistan over the last couple of years.

The Final Betrayal

STUBBORN, irrational, emotional, paranoid — the self-appointed custodians of the national interest easily lend themselves to parody, if there’s anything funny, that is, about the stewardship of a declining state chock-full of ill-resourced people, well-resourced terrorists and nuclear weapons.

Wherever there is a conspiracy theory against Pakistan to peddle — no matter how convoluted or deranged — someone in that orbit of influence will peddle it.

Unhappily, sometimes they don’t have to try very hard.

The outside world regards Pakistan’s generals as self-interested, which is fine, but also not very competent — which isn’t so good given the volatile mix of factors that has Pakistan seemingly always teetering on the edge.

And that leads to debates and ideas there that play out very badly over here.

A new book is about to hit Pakistani shores that will elicit howls of anger and we-told-you-sos through gritted teeth in certain quarters.

It’s not so much what has been written but who has written it: David Sanger, The New York Times Washington correspondent more plugged in than most to the US national-security establishment.

Sanger’s words carry more weight because he has both access and insight, and what he has to say about debates within the Obama administration on Pakistan will not go down well here.

Put on your best Pakistan-lovin’, everyone’s-out-to-get-us, the bomb-will-keep-us-safe, we’re-a-fortress-of-Islam hat and sample these words from Sanger’s ‘Confront and Conceal: Obama’s secret wars and surprising use of American power’:

“Of course, [keeping Pakistan’s nuclear arsenal] ‘safe’ meant very different things to the men …. To the Americans, it meant preventing terrorists from getting a hold of nuclear weapons or material from the world’s most vulnerable arsenal. To Kayani, it meant, first and foremost, protecting that arsenal from the Americans, and making sure that, unlike that night in Abbottabad when they snuck in to kill Osama bin Laden, no SEAL team could seize or disable Pakistan’s arsenal. It was hardly paranoia. The Americans had an elaborate, well-rehearsed plan to do exactly that, which had been ramped up and revised when Obama came into office [emphasis added].”

With your uber-nationalist hat on, the only thing you take away is: the Americans are out to get our nukes!

The outside world, of course, will focus more on the ‘world’s most vulnerable arsenal’ and probably nod in agreement.

Or try this on for size:

“This approach [a new way of dealing with Pakistan that the Obama administration is debating] — some call it ‘mitigation’ — has three goals. The first is helping Pakistan keep its arsenal safe — while improving the American ability to find and immobilise the weapons if that effort fails. The second is to keep the Pakistani civilian government from being toppled, by the army or extremists, through various forms of assistance. And the third is to keep up the pressure on insurgents and Al Qaeda operatives, mostly with drone strikes.”

What the paranoid here will read: the Americans want our nukes; they know the army is standing in their way so they’re propping up corrupt civilians who will sell their souls for a fistful of dollars; and American activities inside Pakistan are really about destabilising the country, to make it look weak and speed up the end goal of defanging our nuclear programme.

Here’s some more from Sanger:

“There was another reason to establish an ‘enduring presence’ in Afghanistan after 2014 — a reason the White House did not want to discuss. It was Pakistan. The United States could live with an Afghanistan that was messy, even with some parts of the country under de facto Taliban control once the international forces pulled back. But stability in Pakistan — and the security of the Pakistani nuclear arsenal — was another story. The Amerin forces in Afghanistan had a role as a ‘break the glass’ emergency force if Pakistan, and its arsenal, appeared to be coming apart at the seams.”The hawks’ are likely to read: it was never about Afghanistan; getting Al Qaeda was just a ruse; the US wants to use its base in Afghanistan to project power inside Pakistan — Iran too; it’s all about keeping Muslims down — and remake the configuration of power in Afghanistan to favour India and to harm Pakistan.

Of course, less paranoid, more rational minds will see in the debate in the US a less conspiratorial version of reality.First, as Sanger writes, “for all the Pakistani paranoia, there is no good plan for sweeping up Pakistan’s nuclear weapons, largely because on any given day it is not entirely clear where they all are.”

Second, American national-security circles primarily worry about Pakistan not because we have nukes or because we’re a predominantly Muslim country with nukes — they worry about Pakistan because we have both internal instability and nukes. “Pakistan, as Obama told his staff in 2011, could ‘disintegrate’ and set off a scramble for its weapons. It was his single biggest national security concern, he told them — and the scenario he had the least power to prevent.” Three, because Pakistan has been seen through the muddied lens of Afghanistan the past decade, the US is yet to truly sit down and decide what it wants to do about Pakistan.

“So three years into [Obama’s] presidency, the arguments over how to deal with Pakistan still rage. ‘On this issue, more than any other, you get such disparate accounts from different parts of our government,’ one senior State Department official conceded to [Sanger]”.

Those three facts combine to produce something akin to an opportunity for Pakistan: set our house in order for our own sake and the outside world will respond positively.

But the problem with irrationality, emotionalism, paranoia and stubbornness is that opportunities are obscured by ever-present threats, sometimes real, often invented.

The Americans think Pakistan and its army worry about the Fourth Betrayal — a repeat of 1965, 1971 and 1989 when the US either turned its back on Pakistan or refused to help.

But we may already be beyond that; we could be in the realm of the feared Final Betrayal — a Pakistan neutered of the one element that supposedly guarantees its survival: its nuclear programme.

As Sanger claims, one of the first things Kayani did in the aftermath of May 2 was to move around the components of the nuclear arsenal — just in case the Americans tried to take it out.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

The Zardari files

IT’S that time of the year again. Down the rabbit hole we must go, exploring the recesses of the mind that is ruling Pakistan — or at least the civilian part of it — to try and figure out, what is Zardari thinking?

He’s had much to think about lately.

Team PPP has taken some serious hits in recent days. One prime minister’s been knocked out, another’s chance scuttled before he could drink from the poisoned chalice and a third is likely to face intense judicial scrutiny straight off the bat.

Power riots have intensified across swathes of the country, encouraged by an opportunistic PML-N. A handpicked central bank governor has strayed from the official script and admitted the unsustainability of the present economic policy. And the Americans have all but given up, their frustration and disappointment with the PPP increasingly public.

Through it all, Zardari hasn’t said much. The odd platitude here, the old slogan there, that’s about it.

But his mind will have been ticking, figuring out the next step in his game plan for survival, and now, reelection. Some of the choices he’s made can appear puzzling.

Back in January, when the Supreme Court reactivated the NRO issue and tried once again to get the Swiss letter written, Zardari’s strategy was fairly simple: weather the storm.

So as good ol’ YRG stood up and delivered a repeat performance of his memogate role in Swissgate, it made sense to declare that the PPP would quietly accept whatever fate the Supreme Court had in store for him.

After all, the boss wasn’t being directly targeted.

But then Bahriagate happened and a delicious opportunity presented itself: take the fight to a tarnished judiciary and hang on to a PM who had served his party loyally.

Zardari chose to do neither.

While it’s not surprising that Zardari allowed his prime minister to sacrifice himself — the admiring tone in which the party faithful had begun to speak about Gilani would have caused some consternation — not taking on the court seemed like a dangerous gamble.

In this game, once blood has been tasted, they always come back for a second, even bigger, bite. So why didn’t Zardari strike when he could and thus risk being struck against himself later?

Another puzzle: the PPP’s deteriorating relationship with the US.

Back in 2007, had it not been for the Americans’ insistence, the PPP would have found itself shut out of power by Musharraf and his allies.

Fast forward five years and the Americans have given up. It’s not just the corruption and the incompetence that has exasperated them but the inability to deliver on anything. Broader and deeper ties with the civilians were desired by the Americans — and probably still are — but Zardari doesn’t appear particularly interested.

The Nato/Isaf supply route closure sums up the problem: everyone — everyone in a decision-making position and guided by common sense, that is — agrees that an extended closure is not in the interest of Pakistan, but try finding anyone willing to own that decision publicly.

Here, then, would seem to be an opportunity for Zardari. His personal approval ratings are so low that he could risk a public backlash were he to try and convince the public of the merits of reopening the supply route.

And in any case, the PPP’s base in interior Sindh and southern Punjab is hardly animated by issues of foreign policy and supply routes.

Zardari’s — and democracy’s — potential reward, though: renewed American support for the civilians at a time where other institutions inside Pakistan are upping their anti-democratic games.

And yet Zardari turned up at Chicago asking what the Americans could do for him when they were expecting to hear what he could do for them.

So what is he thinking?

The answer, unhappily, is a familiar one. One, Zardari’s obsession with proving that he can drag this government over the finish line — completing its term — continues to dominate all else. Two, Zardari cares about only Zardari. And three, Zardari’s world begins and ends with domestic politics.Combine those three elements and you have answers to all the vexing questions.

In Zardari’s scheme of things, Gilani’s bravery was neither a source of much concern nor did it elicit much admiration. Yes, the court has ventured deep into the realm of politics. But it hasn’t gone for Zardari himself yet — so it can do what it likes for now.

Zardari’s goal is simple: the PPP train will pull up at the electoral station come what may. Friends and allies may get picked off en route, but as long as Zardari is on board at the final destination, it’s a job well done.

The same goes for ties with the Americans. In 2007, the PPP was locked out of power and the Americans held the key. Now, Zardari is king of the castle and he’s charted out his plan for future success.

Zardari is all about the deal. Biting the bullet in the name of the larger national interest is a non-starter and while he’s willing to risk the army’s ire, he can’t see what’s in it for him to stabilise a relationship no one else is willing to save.

Besides, his universe is consumed by the map of domestic politics. Winning seats, adjusting others, aspiring to some more — none of that leaves much time for statesmanship, saving Pakistan or doing the right thing.

The Zardari of today is the same as the Zardari of a couple of years ago.

Make sure the finish line is crossed, whatever the casualties suffered along the way. Think of little more than himself.

And obsess over the minutiae of domestic politics. That’s the Zardari strategy. And it looks like we’ll have it suffer it a little longer still.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

Masters of the (Pakistani) universe

ANCHORS in the dock, owners’ resources being questioned, secrets tumbling out, rumours flying — the media is supposed to report the story, not be the story.

But since things here don’t quite follow a plan — at least one that makes much sense — the great media debate is what we have this week.

(Next week or the week after, it’ll be something else, since attention spans here are short and a new jester will pop up to confound and titillate.)

There’s a reason it’s the anchors, the masters of the Pakistani media universe, who are flailing in the mud and flinging it at each other at the moment, and even in these days of unusual candour they won’t tell you what that is.

But if you’re not one of them, the reason is clear as day: there’s no institutional check on a star anchor.

You only really get a sense of what that means and how damaging it is when you see other, more tightly controlled news organisations do it the right way.

I once happened to watch an international star at work at close quarters. She wanted to talk about X; her producer asked:

why this issue and why now? She wanted to interview Y; her producer asked: why is this person relevant and what do you want to ask?What was interesting — for someone who has seen how it’s done here — is that the producer had real power. The producer, plugged in to head office, part of a strictly monitored and accountable chain, had a veto.

If the producer wasn’t convinced or wanted things done differently, there’s nothing the star could do. Yes, there’s some give-and-take and a savvy star is very persuasive, but if the producer was unmoved, that was that.

Here in Pakistan, a channel boss once lamented that his biggest problem was exercising editorial control over the big talk-show hosts. Star chooses who comes on, star chooses the topic of the evening, star chooses what he wants to ask and which tangent he wants to go off on.

The staff, including that all-important producer, assigned to work with the star are often little more than personal assistants, there to please and facilitate rather than to press for good journalistic practices and accountability.

Most are visibly star-struck and it’s not unusual to see a star with a producer or sundry other staff in tow, admiringly looking on while their star hobnobs with the political, military and social elite.

Yes, if a star crosses an editorial line too often or too blatantly, there are recriminations. Angry emails are exchanged or if the misdeed is particularly egregious, a face-to-face verbal ticking off is delivered.

But there are limits to which management can go, and the star knows it.

A star host gives you three to four hours of content (counting repeat telecasts) four or five days a week. The show pulls in big money for the sums shelled out — the panel of guests is assembled for free; sets are still fairly basic by international standards; and the technical support and hardware doesn’t cost vast sums — so some other channel is always more than happy to lure an unhappy star to a new address.

Of course, owners are far from helpless, high-minded sorts. They give the star a long editorial leash and grant them direct, privileged access (useful for a star who wants to throw a tantrum, which they often do) because there’s a quid pro quo at work.

The boss has a business interest — sometimes the financial health of the channel itself — at stake; a pal is in trouble and needs to get his message out; a particular party needs support (and in this game, count the army as the biggest, most well-organised of political parties); or the boss fancies himself as a kingmaker or backroom operator — for such purposes you trot out the star anchor with ratings of gold to push the boss’s agenda.

For the most part, the news business here is a business first and then about journalism, a commitment to informing the public and about genuinely holding a government to account (which excludes beating up on a government to benefit its rivals).

You scratch my back, I scratch yours — the viewer is none the wiser.

(Newsrooms are for the most part still very different animals from talk-show sets, and folks on the news, as opposed to opinion, side are more likely to fight and win the good fight — though there are limits there too.)

With an arrangement as messy as that and the stakes so high, the wheels are bound to eventually come off.

Add one final element — call it the anchor personality element — so vividly on display in that interview, the faux-journalistic ménage à trois everyone can’t stop talking about, and you end up with a spectacle that makes the heart sink and the stomach churn.

Some of the stars you almost feel pity for, controlled as they are by forces beyond their understanding and desperate as they are to just be at the party; others you feel contempt for because they’ve learned to play the game to the advantage of the only

one who matters to them: themselves.

So it was in that interview. One star is eager to please, to do the best she can to keep her seat at the table of high intrigue, to please her fickle fans and prove her worth to the big boys who play out their adventures on a national stage.

The other is sneering and full of contempt, secure in the knowledge that you win some and you lose some but you always bounce back if you play the game harder and more aggressively than the rest.

Insecure or cocksure, they are the masters of the Pakistani media universe.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

When heroes fall

TO reach for Yeats when things fall apart is the easy part.

Making sense of it all, like Yeats’s The Second Coming, is much harder. Yet, try we must.

When CJ Iftikhar was restored to his throne, the country he surveyed looked like something out of The Second Coming: the blood-dimmed tide had been loosed; the ceremony of innocence was drowned; and the best lacked all conviction while the worst were full of passionate intensity. Pakistan needed fixing.

So, with the winds of history at his back and a messianic zeal in his heart, CJ Iftikhar set out to remake Pakistan, to start a new chapter.

CJ Iftikhar was right: Pakistan needed fixing and a new chapter was about to begin. Where he got it wrong was what was coming next.

His imagination doubtless fired by the possibilities of the post-partisan lawyers’ movement, CJ Iftikhar set out to create a new order just as disorder was establishing itself as the dominant theme of our times.

The end of the Musharraf era had helped obscure the truth. It was difficult to see at the time that what was collapsing was not just another era of military rule but the old order itself, the old centre.

While Pakistan had always been a messy country, the presence of a powerful army-led establishment had lent a predictability to the affairs of the state: no one really knew how to fix Pakistan but everyone knew their place in the scheme of things, for the most part.

In the era of disorder, however, everyone questioned the place allocated to them — and there was no one to make anyone agree to what was asked of them.

The old centre — the army — had seen its security paradigm unravel and a mediocre leadership struggle to regain control.

New power centres, the media and the judiciary in particular, were flexing their muscles but no grandmasters were they yet.

The civilians could have seized the moment but they were seized of the same old rivalries and self-interest and unable to take advantage.

No one to impose control, no one able to take charge and no one really trusting the other — it was always going to end in tears.

The sordid allegations swirling around the judiciary this week are almost beside the point. If it wasn’t this, it would have been something else. And if it hadn’t been their turn, it would have been someone else’s.

The old guard is paralysed and weak, the upstarts have yet to learn the ropes and the ne’er-do-wells — the status-quo politicians — are stuck in Horace’s version of carpe diem: their hopes are few and they’re content to drink their wine. With no one to take charge, everyone’s in charge.

Which is why even the conspiracy theories are more contradictory than ever. In memogate, the uniform and the robe and the tiger teamed up to corner the red, black and green. In the rise of the PTI, the uniform was trying to hunt the tiger. In the survival of the PPP, the uniform had secretly aided the red, black and green.

In Swissgate, the robe and the uniform were trying to discredit the government to impose one of their own. In Mehrangate, the robe was trying to distance itself from the uniform. In Bahriagate, the uniform is trying to bring the robe to heel.

Pick your flavour, there’s something for every taste.

“Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; / Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.”

Still, in CJ Iftikhar’s response this week to the allegations against his son, there is a temptation to follow through the logic.

And where Yeats can’t help, perhaps recourse to Shakespeare can.

With the allegations against his son about to get a public airing, you can almost imagine a distraught CJ Iftikhar wailing:

“Reputation, reputation, reputation! O, I have lost my reputation! I have lost the immortal part of myself, and what remains is bestial. My reputation, Iago, my reputation!”

Here was the man who had set out to remake Pakistan dragged into the very mud pit he had vowed to clean up. In his fierce response, you can find heroism — or a reason to pity.

As the wily Iago had advised Cassio, “You have lost no reputation at all, unless you repute yourself such a loser,” so CJ Iftikhar came out swinging, fighting to protect the public approval that is the foundation of his reign.

Admirable as his actions were to the many, they betrayed a weakness to the few who mattered, the ones who are part of the disorder from which the CJ is trying to create order.

One slight flick of the wrist, one casually whispered rumour, one allegation of the kind even the cleanest politician suffers several times in a career — and it provoked a fierce and very personal response.

The personal nature of the response suits the other side, hidden as it is behind a wall of conspiracy and subterfuge. One side is out in the open, suffering cuts and taking hits that were inconceivable just a week ago, while the dark forces of conspiracy, which rely more on manipulating public opinion than winning its favour, look on in satisfaction as another hero is cut down.

And that’s the problem for heroes in times of disorder. They can’t win but they can lose big. Or to put it in the words of the Dark Knight, “You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.”

Pakistan does need a hero. But the times we’re in all but guarantee we won’t get one.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

An election, please

THERE. They’ve done it now.

They’ve got their five budgets. They’ve elected both halves of the Senate. They’ve fended off the boys and the robes.

They’ve flashed wide grins and V-signs. They’ve talked about the sacrifices they’ve made. And they’ve talked about democracy. Boy, have they talked about democracy!

Now they can do us all a favour and go home. Call that election. Air out the democracy they love so much. Give the rest of us a chance to avoid suffocation. Do the right thing.

Give democracy a chance. We all know we’ve got to give it a chance. There’s no alternative.

On the practical plane, the army doesn’t have the answers and to chuck out a uniformed would-be saviour takes longer and more effort.

On the philosophical plane, better to choose our leaders regularly than they select themselves to rule over us periodically. So yes, democracy, however imperfect, is better than the boys and their sidekicks. But sometimes democracy needs to be saved from the democrats too.

Call that early election.

The people are chomping at the bit. Fight it out with the PML-N and the PTI at the ballot box.

An election is a cathartic event. If everyone thinks the PPP is corrupt and incompetent and yet the party grabs the most seats in parliament, the critics will have to recalibrate, or find new guns.

And if everyone thinks the PPP is corrupt and incompetent and the party is chucked out of power — then the faint outlines of a govern-or-be-punished electoral system will become apparent.

Either way, we’ll get something new.

New criticisms, new strategies to try and make the government perform as the horror sinks in of a possible 10-year stretch for these folks or a new set of politicians pretending to salvage the mess created by the last set.

Ah, but what’s in it for the PPP?

Their base is narrow, their ambitions moderate, they can ride out the storm, feed at the trough for a full five years and return for another five if they play their cards right.

So why listen to the baying but impotent crowd outside the fortress?

And never mind what’s good for democracy, that’s just a slogan to be deployed when out collecting votes or fending off the undemocratic boys and robes.

To get the early election the country needs, the PPP will either have to be convinced that an early election is unavoidable or decide that an early election is in the party’s interests.

For all the huffing and puffing, neither the PML-N nor the PTI have the means to oust the government. They can petition the court, turn out thousands at rallies, protest till their voices go hoarse, but they don’t have a legal or constitutional route to trigger an early election against the government’s will.

Which leaves the PPP somehow deciding that an early election is in the party’s interests.

Oddly enough, the fact that the PPP wants a second term helps build the case for an early election.

Before it became clear that the one-point agenda of completing this government’s tenure had an addendum — win re-election — some had advised Zardari & Co to think about taking a break after this term.

The thinking being, since the PPP was never going to be able to fix any of the country’s problems, they could pad their nests this time round and stock up for the future; take the hit from an angry electorate at the next election and somehow hang on to 30 or 40 seats; play the role of a noisy opposition in the next parliament; and when the PML-N inevitably screwed up in government too (the PTI wasn’t a factor back then), the PPP could return to power at the following election.

But the PPP got greedy. It wanted consecutive terms.

Which is why it should think about early elections now. The PML-N and the PTI can’t force the government out but they sure can make life miserable for the government.

The PML-N and the PTI are out there, creating a ruckus over everything: loadshedding, inflation, jobs, economic mismanagement, gas shortages, corruption, law and order, crime, prime ministerial convictions, and the immorality of the defences of the Speaker and the PM.

Some of the mud being thrown will stick, if only because there’s truth to many of the accusations. The electorate here, like any electorate in the world, is susceptible to a sustained negative campaign. And Zardari and his ribald bunch of misfits aren’t the most likeable of characters to begin with.

Imagine if the government tried to stick around till next March and circumstances forced it to go to the IMF before then.

The PML-N and the PTI wouldn’t even have to try very hard at that point to convince voters that the government has screwed up — the PPP has itself over the years helped instil in the public an awareness of what an IMF programme means.

But the thing is, the PML-N and the PTI aren’t there yet. They’ve kicked up a fuss over the government’s sundry shenanigans but it’s still too new to have gained traction far and wide. The narrative for the next election hasn’t been definitively set yet.

Then again, with the PTI out of the blocks since October and the PML-N playing catch up since early this year, the longer the PPP takes to pull the trigger on an election, the more its rivals will have a head start on shaping the narrative of the next election.

Put another way, the PPP wouldn’t have to suffer a year and more of pummelling from its opponents before going to the polls if it pulled the trigger on an election now.

So early elections could be in the PPP’s self-interest now.

It’s also the right thing to do. The democratic project, already fraying, does not deserve the cuts and rents that another nine months of this mess will bring.

C’mon PPP, do the right thing — for all of us.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

Twitter: @cyalm

Engage or punish?

THE thing about Pakistanis is that we’re too sure of our assumptions.

The Americans need us to withdraw from Afghanistan. We’re convinced of it. So we act out.

We fixate on an apology. Give us one, you’ve given Afghanistan two already, we say.

We haggle over transit fees. You’ve held up our money in other areas, so we’ll make up the difference through the supply route, thank you very much, we think cleverly.

We wallow in victimhood. All these people we’ve lost and damage we’ve sustained over the last decade, why doesn’t the world acknowledge our sacrifices, we rail.

We chuck a hapless doctor in prison because it makes us look tough in front of the folks at home who thought May 2 made us look weak.

We flirt with breaking our self-imposed moratorium on enforcing the death penalty because we’re too incompetent to do anything systematically. Never mind those Europeans with their trade concessions and their obsession with rights.

We turn up at Chicago without a plan and are miffed when the world spurns us.

Pakistan: the country that can do what it wants because it’s too important to be set aside.

Get tough with the US, bargain harder, dig in our heels — and the Americans, along with the other countries that matter, will eventually acquiesce.

Except that’s not how the debate is shaping up on the other side of the table.

There it’s largely: engage Pakistan or punish Pakistan?

The engage camp is on the defensive: where’s the proof that engaging Pakistan produces the results that the outside world seeks?

Chicago is the most recent example. Offer Pakistan an unconditional invitation and it may lead to some flexibility at the transit-route negotiating table, the moderates would have thought.

So they did invite us. And in return Pakistan trotted out Sherry Rehman and Bilawal to demand once more a non-negotiable apology. Cue more consternation and dismay.

Engagement suffers because the two sides have different clocks: the West needs to get out of Afghanistan and figure out how to stabilise it over the new few years; Pakistan thinks it can take its time making up its mind and putting its house in order because, well, what’s the hurry?

But if the engage camp is on the defensive, the punish-Pakistan camp hasn’t won the argument either — yet.

The reason goes back to the fact that the US and its allies still want stuff from Pakistan.

The US military still wants us to do something about the sanctuaries on this side of the Pak-Afghan border. And politically, the outside world is looking to Pakistan to at least nudge the insurgents it has some influence with in Afghanistan towards the negotiating table.

The problem for the punishment camp is that theirs too is just a theory: if the engage camp can’t prove their approach works, it’s not clear how a strategy of punishment will cause Pakistan to change its behaviour either.

Say Pakistan needs to go back to the IMF later this year. Between the US and the Europeans, if they want they could scuttle a deal with the IMF to punish Pakistan. Suddenly, Pakistan would be in a lot more trouble economically.

But who gets hurt straightaway? Not Kayani, not Zardari, not Hafeez Pasha or Zaheerul Islam but the public at large.

Or say there’s another Salala-type attack. Wounding this army’s pride further and stoking anti-Americanism aren’t exactly a recipe for success with Pakistan.

So, frustrating as the engagement route is, the punishment route doesn’t exactly offer a road map for success.

But the problem Pakistan forgets is that when one strategy doesn’t work, it only helps the argument for trying another one.

The more and more we prove that engagement doesn’t ultimately work when it comes to Pakistan, the more people dealing with this country will look for alternatives.

And the alternative, the punishment strategy, for all its untested assumptions and uncertain possibility of success, does have some powerful backers.

In fact, put your ear close to the ground and you’ll even hear the moderates admitting that they wake up some days and wonder whether the hawks are right on Pakistan.

It won’t even have to happen all at once. First could come neglect, then isolation and then containment.

The difficulty for Pakistan is that the decision to switch from engagement to something more detrimental for this country could occur while we’re still under the impression that engagement will continue. The warning signs will be there, of course, though you’d have to be looking for them.

But a false sense of security, and perhaps even superiority — as the Shakil Afridi case suggests — wouldn’t exactly be something new for Pakistan.

If there’s a ray of hope, it’s that Pakistan still isn’t the focus of the US and its allies; Afghanistan is.

Pakistan is still seen through the prism of war and stability in Afghanistan and discussions about Pakistan sans Afghanistan tend to get tacked on to the end of the agenda.

When — if — that changes, almost certainly not before the US presidential election in November, the engage-Pakistan camp can make a more convincing case: Pakistan is a country of 180 million people; its Muslim population is an important plank of the Islamic world; it exists in a strategically important part of the world, with China, India and Central Asia nearby; and it has nuclear weapons — ergo, not engaging Pakistan isn’t an option.

The trouble is, policymakers here haven’t quite caught on to the seriousness of the debate internationally when it comes to dealing with Pakistan.

If the engage-Pakistan camp is to prevail against punish-Pakistan camp, it’ll need help from Pakistan in the shape of some kind of behavioural change or signals that at least some adjustments are imminent — precisely the kind of help we aren’t providing because we think they aren’t necessary.

Pakistan: too sure of its assumptions and too scared to tread a different path.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

The Big Bad Wolf

LOOK away now if a certain kind of green and white and crescent and star flows through your veins.

Right, for those with the stomach, let’s try and take on some myths.

For a decade, we’ve been told that the US is the Big Bad Wolf. Don’t take your eyes off her, she’ll tear you to pieces and gobble up your young.

The US wants to break Pakistan. The US wants to invade Pakistan. The US wants to steal Pakistan’s nukes. The US wants to undermine Muslim Pakistan.

And through it all, Pakistan has been the ultimate almost-victim: vulnerable and weak but in the final analysis saved from the very worst machinations of the outside world by the self-appointed custodians of the national interest.

Since 9/11, that’s essentially been the public narrative. The US has looked for ways to corner Pakistan and Pakistan has wriggled away each time before the death grip could be applied.

So thorough has been the permeation of that very deliberate message across Pakistani society that you can only whisper a contrarian thought: what exactly has the US asked of Pakistan since 9/11 that has been or is fundamentally inimical to the interests of this country?

In Afghanistan, inside Pakistan and with India or the US itself, what have the scheming and manipulative enemies of Pakistan in the US asked of this country or wanted to do to this country that truly and unquestionably was meant to hurt Pakistan?

Remove the lens of paranoia and the Big Bad Wolf that we’ve all been told we must be scared of has mostly been chasing its own tail. And when it has snarled and snapped at Pakistan, it’s never really threatened to bite.

But, we are told again and again in subtle and not-so-subtle ways, the US is really out to harm Pakistan, to destroy Pakistan even, and we have to do everything in our power to thwart a wily and powerful enemy.

Yet, what is the actual record of American bullying and intimidation over the past decade? And how far has the US pushed Pakistan on anything?

The Pakistani narrative of fear and victimhood begins with 9/11. The US invaded Afghanistan and it was terrible for Pakistan because it upended our interests in Afghanistan and turbocharged militancy in the region with devastating consequences for this country.

But history doesn’t begin with 9/11. To anyone who cared to look, the wheels had already started to come off the vehicle that was Pakistan’s foreign and national security policies in the 1990s.

The US came and knocked out the Taliban government in Afghanistan and this was bad for Pakistan — but whose Pakistan? Yours or mine? Or the imagined Pakistan of the paranoid and insecure?

No, no, we are told, you can’t wrap your head around this stuff, you don’t understand how states operate and the nasty things they have to do sometimes and the even nastier things that some of them want to do.

What are these nasty things that the US has wanted Pakistan to do?

Help stabilise Afghanistan by preventing the resurgence of the Afghan Taliban. Deny space to militants seeking sanctuary in Balochistan and Fata. Roll back the infrastructure of jihad that has proliferated in Pakistan.

Which part of this is supposed to hurt Pakistan?

No, no, we are told, Pakistan exists in a tough neighbourhood and it has to do whatever’s necessary to protect itself. The Trojans had nothing on the Americans; everything they say and demand is really designed to undermine us.

But if becoming a global hub of jihad and all things regressive and parochial is what’s supposed to keep us safe, then perhaps we are better off not being safe.

The further down the rabbit hole of paranoia and insecurity you go, the more peculiar it all becomes.

What about Raymond Davis and all those contractors running around Pakistan, the self-styled defenders of Pakistan argue. Surely, they are here to defang our nukes, blow up cities and steal babies.

And didn’t the OBL raid prove that the Americans will do anything to embarrass Pakistan and nothing to treat it like an ally?

Yet, here we are, a decade down the road, several months after we closed the supposed lifeline to Afghanistan, and the US is still looking to engage Pakistan.

India, the one we feared would team up with the US in Afghanistan, has not taken over Afghanistan yet.

No one has gone after Pakistan’s nukes and few Americans even talk about them as an issue anymore.

We rail against drone strikes and their frequency drops.

North Waziristan is the hub of terrorism and militancy and nothing meaningful has been done to shut down the Haqqani network or interdict the Quetta Shura on this side of the border — and yet the ‘do more’ mantra of the Americans has subsided.

We fear the Americans will shut us out of negotiations with the Afghan Taliban and hurt our prospects in a post-war Afghanistan — but they keep looking to Pakistan to facilitate discussions.

Some in Congress mutter about cutting off aid to Pakistan but the vast majority of legislators and policymakers continue to reject the idea.

Strip away the prejudice and paranoia and the Big Bad Wolf doesn’t look so menacing after all. But there is a problem: we keep nudging the US into picking up the stick.

Take the supply route closure. When Salala was seized on as an opportunity to settle scores over May 2, we ended up playing our trump card — only to realise it wasn’t worth as much as we thought.

It’s to our enduring luck that we miscalculated. Had the supply route in fact been critical and its reopening an urgent necessity, we may not have been treated so leniently for being viewed as spoilers by the international community.

Perhaps it’s too late in the game for Pakistanis to wrap their heads around the idea that the US isn’t the Big Bad Wolf that they’ve been told it is.

But we could do ourselves a favour and begin to realise that Pakistan, as articulated by the paranoid and the insecure, is a Danger To Itself.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com twitter: @cyalm

The bottomless pit

IT’S that time of the year again. One of many now.

Demand for electricity goes up, system struggles to cope, endless ‘loadshedding’ results, politicians pound fists on desks, protesters burn electricity bills and other hapless paraphernalia on the streets, government swings into action, emergency supplies are scrounged up, and the system limps on, until the next crisis.

The problems in the power sector, from generation to transmission to distribution, are so well understood that there’s no point going over them anymore. Instead, it may be more helpful to ask, why?

Why doesn’t this government articulate an energy policy that will make Pakistan less reliant on expensive imported fuels? Why doesn’t this government overhaul the system through which electricity is purchased from power producers and delivered to end consumers? Why doesn’t this government recover multi-billion-rupee dues from various entities across the country?

Ask the politically inclined these and a handful of other ‘whys’ and they are usually answered on the basis of political leanings:

government is corrupt vs problems are inherited; government doesn’t give a toss vs structural flaws that no government has been able to overcome.

As ever, there’s some truth in all of it. Asif Zardari & co really don’t understand the problem or have the capacity to fix it and in this top-down culture if the boss doesn’t bang heads together, no one will take the wrenching decisions necessary.

And while problems were evident in the power sector much before Zardari and his band of bumbling advisers took over, the absence of a viable energy policy four years since the electricity crisis became this government’s business is pretty appalling.

But scratch the surface of those answers and a deeper malaise becomes evident, and it’s about how the state is perceived by our political leadership — Zardari, the folks before him, the folks who will follow him, everyone.

What they’ve done is take to its logical conclusion the state as a bottomless pit of money and as a means to disburse patronage.

Money comes from somewhere, anywhere, and it’s doled out to favourites and political bases and for emergency triage when collapse looks imminent — and that’s what keeps the system inching forward, or at least from imploding.

Leaderships the world over figured out a long time ago that a state isn’t like a normal household: you can spend more than you earn over a lifetime because you have more ways to borrow and you can transfer debt to the next generation.

It’s so much easier than fiscal prudence and discipline. Power sector is guzzling hundreds of billions of rupees a year and a trillion or two has to be pumped in every few years?

The responsible thing to do would be to systematically approach the issue of energy: what are Pakistan’s energy needs over the next decade or two; what is a sustainable and affordable fuel-mix for the power sector; how can dues from each stage of the electricity chain be recovered efficiently and on time; and on and on, a series of serious questions requiring deep thought, application and perseverance to resolve.

The alternative? Make it up as you go along.

A trillion and more of public-sector money is needed to plug the gap between what it costs to produce electricity and how much is recovered from users of that electricity — so you just do it. Because you can. It’s not your money, you can borrow it from a range of options and you don’t have to worry immediately about repaying it.

Plus, the finance ministry doesn’t kick up too much of a fuss; the guys over at the power ministry will mumble a bit but not too much; and the folks who are owed money for supplying fuel and electricity and are worried about the survivability of their businesses — they’re either overruled by the government or arm-twisted into keeping their mouths shut.

Think of it this way. If you’re PSO, do you really want to be blamed for electricity disappearing across the country once you pull the plug on fuel supplies for non-payment? And if you’re desperate enough to go for that option, the government can bring in decision-makers who will see things its way. The benefits of state control.

As for the private sector, the independent power producers and the like, make too much of a noise and the government will cut off even the trickle of funds flowing their way at the moment, consigning their businesses to oblivion. So better to wait it out and rattle the cage when desperate for a few extra dollops of money.

At least by sticking it out all those stuck up billions will eventually be realised. After all, businesses have contracts and lawyers on their side and the state has ways to pay for things it can’t afford.

But that still leaves the question, why does the government take the political hit of street protests and mass disgruntlement over electricity shortages instead of solving the problem?

Because it can’t and it can: it doesn’t have the capacity or understanding or will to figure out the problem but it does have money to throw around and earn political support in other ways.

Everyone in the PPP knows the power crisis will be a problem for the government come election time. But in politics if you have a problem you don’t necessarily have to solve it to beat it — you can pour other goodies into pockets and hope that people forget about the bad stuff.

The state fundamentally as a bottomless pit of money and as a means to disburse patronage — until that approach changes don’t expect electricity, or any other basic amenity, to become a reliable and regular presence in your life.

The writer is a member of staff.

cyril.a@gmail.com

twitter: @cyalm

